bin/v
lib/vlang/
lib/vlang/cmd/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/.disable_autorecompilation
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/bench/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/bench/wyhash.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/builders/
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/builders/c_builder
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/builders/c_builder.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/builders/golang_builder
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/builders/golang_builder.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/builders/interpret_builder
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/builders/interpret_builder.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/builders/js_builder
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/builders/js_builder.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/builders/native_builder
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/builders/native_builder.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/builders/wasm_builder
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/builders/wasm_builder.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/changelog_helper
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/changelog_helper.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/check_os_api_parity
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/check_os_api_parity.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/detect_tcc
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/detect_tcc.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/fast/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/fast/.gitignore
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/fast/fast.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/fast/fast_job.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/fast/fast_main.js
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/fast/fast_style.css
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/fast/footer.html
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/fast/header.html
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/fast_job
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/fuzz/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/fuzz/fuzz.sh
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/fuzz/map_fuzz.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/gen1m.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/gen_vc.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/git_pre_commit_hook.vsh
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/install_binaryen.vsh
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/install_wabt.vsh
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/map_fuzz
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/measure/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/measure/parser_speed.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/measure/scanner_speed.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/modules/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/modules/scripting/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/modules/scripting/scripting.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/modules/testing/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/modules/testing/common.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/modules/testing/output.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/modules/testing/output_dump.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/modules/testing/output_normal.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/modules/testing/output_teamcity.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/modules/vgit/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/modules/vgit/vgit.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/oldv
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/oldv.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/parser_speed
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/performance_compare
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/performance_compare.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/regress
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/regress.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/report_v_module_folders_without_tests
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/report_v_module_folders_without_tests.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/scanner_speed
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/show_ancient_deprecations
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/show_ancient_deprecations.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/test_if_v_test_system_works
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/test_if_v_test_system_works.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/test_os_process
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/test_os_process.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/translate
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/translate.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vast/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vast/cjson.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vast/test/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vast/test/.gitignore
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vast/test/demo.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vast/vast
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vast/vast.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vbin2v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vbin2v.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vbug
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vbug.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vbuild-examples
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vbuild-examples.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vbuild-tools
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vbuild-tools.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vbuild-vbinaries
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vbuild-vbinaries.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vbump
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vbump.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vbump_test.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vcheck-md
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vcheck-md.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vcomplete
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vcomplete.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vcomplete_test.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vcompress
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vcompress.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vcreate/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vcreate/project_model_bin.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vcreate/project_model_lib.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vcreate/project_model_web.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vcreate/tests/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vcreate/tests/init.expect
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vcreate/tests/init_in_dir_with_invalid_mod_name.expect
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vcreate/tests/init_with_model_arg.expect
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vcreate/tests/new_with_model_arg.expect
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vcreate/tests/new_with_name_arg.expect
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vcreate/tests/new_with_no_arg.expect
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vcreate/vcreate
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vcreate/vcreate.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vcreate/vcreate_init_test.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vcreate/vcreate_new_test.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/.gitattributes
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/files.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/highlight.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/html.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/main.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/markdown.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/run_examples.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/basic/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/basic/main.comments.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/basic/main.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/basic/main.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/comments/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/comments/main.comments.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/comments/main.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/comments/main.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/multiline/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/multiline/main.comments.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/multiline/main.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/multiline/main.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/newlines/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/newlines/main.comments.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/newlines/main.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/newlines/main.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/output_formats/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/output_formats/README.md
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/output_formats/main.ansi
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/output_formats/main.html
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/output_formats/main.text
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/output_formats/main.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/readme_in_project_root/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/readme_in_project_root/README.md
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/readme_in_project_root/src/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/readme_in_project_root/src/main.comments.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/readme_in_project_root/src/main.readme.comments.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/readme_in_project_root/src/main.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/readme_in_project_root/v.mod
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/run_examples_bad/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/run_examples_bad/.v.mod.stop
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/run_examples_bad/main.comments.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/run_examples_bad/main.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/run_examples_bad/main.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/run_examples_good/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/run_examples_good/.v.mod.stop
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/run_examples_good/main.comments.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/run_examples_good/main.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/run_examples_good/main.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/unsorted/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/unsorted/main.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/unsorted/main.unsorted.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/testdata/unsorted/main.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/tests/vdoc_file_test.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/.prettierrc
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/arrow.svg
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/dark-mode.js
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/dark.svg
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/doc.css
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/doc.js
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/favicons/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/favicons/android-chrome-192x192.png
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/favicons/android-chrome-512x512.png
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/favicons/apple-touch-icon.png
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/favicons/browserconfig.xml
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/favicons/favicon-16x16.png
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/favicons/favicon-32x32.png
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/favicons/favicon.ico
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/favicons/mstile-144x144.png
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/favicons/mstile-150x150.png
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/favicons/mstile-310x150.png
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/favicons/mstile-310x310.png
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/favicons/mstile-70x70.png
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/favicons/safari-pinned-tab.svg
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/favicons/site.webmanifest
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/index.html
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/light.svg
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/link.svg
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/menu.svg
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/theme/normalize.css
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/utils.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/vdoc
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoc/vdoc.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoctor
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vdoctor.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vfmt
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vfmt.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vgret
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vgret.defaults.toml
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vgret.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vls
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vls.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vmissdoc
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vmissdoc.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/common.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/dependency_test.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/expect/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/expect/accept_reinstall_mod_with_version_installation.expect
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/expect/decline_reinstall_mod_with_version_installation.expect
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/install.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/install_test.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/install_version_input_test.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/install_version_test.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/outdated.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/outdated_test.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/parse.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/remove_test.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/search.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/settings.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/test_utils/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/test_utils/utils.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/update.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/update_test.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/vcs.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/vpm
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vpm/vpm.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vrepeat
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vrepeat.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vrepl
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vrepl.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vscan
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vscan.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vself
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vself.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vsetup-freetype
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vsetup-freetype.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vshader
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vshader.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vshare
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vshare.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vshould-compile-all
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vshould-compile-all.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vsymlink
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vsymlink.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vtest
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vtest-all
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vtest-all.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vtest-cleancode
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vtest-cleancode.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vtest-fmt
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vtest-fmt.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vtest-parser
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vtest-parser.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vtest-self
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vtest-self.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vtest.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vtracev
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vtracev.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vup
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vup.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/accept_multi_expression_with_comments.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/accept_multi_expression_with_comments.vv
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/array_init_one_val.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/array_init_one_val.vv
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/brackets_in_documentation_comment_no_warn.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/brackets_in_documentation_comment_no_warn.vv
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/const_dynamic_array_notice.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/const_dynamic_array_notice.vv
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/documentation_for_generic_methods.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/documentation_for_generic_methods.vv
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/indent_with_space.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/indent_with_space.vv
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/module_file_test.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/module_file_test.vv
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/no_warn_about_missing.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/no_warn_about_missing.vv
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/parens_space_a.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/parens_space_a.vv
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/parens_space_b.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/parens_space_b.vv
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/prog_without_main_fn.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/prog_without_main_fn.vv
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/trailing_space.out
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/tests/trailing_space.vv
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/vet_test.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/vvet
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vvet/vvet.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vwatch
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vwatch.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vwhere/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vwhere/finder.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vwhere/finder_utils.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vwhere/test/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vwhere/test/file_one.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vwhere/test/file_two.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vwhere/test/nested_mod/
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vwhere/test/nested_mod/nested_file.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vwhere/vwhere
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vwhere/vwhere.v
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vwhere/vwhere_test.v
@bin lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vwipe-cache
lib/vlang/cmd/tools/vwipe-cache.v
lib/vlang/cmd/v/
lib/vlang/cmd/v/v.v
lib/vlang/cmd/v2/
lib/vlang/cmd/v2/v2.v
lib/vlang/thirdparty/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/.gitignore
lib/vlang/thirdparty/android/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/android/android.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/cJSON/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/cJSON/cJSON.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/cJSON/cJSON.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/cJSON/readme.txt
lib/vlang/thirdparty/fontstash/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/fontstash/fontstash.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/fontstash/stb_truetype.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/ios/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/ios/ios.m
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/LICENSE
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/ao_version.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/generalize-arithm.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/generalize-arithm.template
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/generalize-small.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/generalize-small.template
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/generalize.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/all_acquire_release_volatile.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/all_aligned_atomic_load_store.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/all_atomic_load_store.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/all_atomic_only_load.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/ao_t_is_int.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/ao_t_is_int.template
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/armcc/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/armcc/arm_v6.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/emul_cas.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/aarch64.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/alpha.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/arm.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/avr32.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/cris.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/generic-arithm.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/generic-arithm.template
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/generic-small.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/generic-small.template
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/generic.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/hexagon.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/hppa.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/ia64.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/m68k.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/mips.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/powerpc.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/riscv.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/s390.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/sh.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/sparc.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/tile.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/gcc/x86.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/generic_pthread.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/hpc/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/hpc/hppa.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/hpc/ia64.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/ibmc/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/ibmc/powerpc.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/icc/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/icc/ia64.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/loadstore/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/loadstore/acquire_release_volatile.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/loadstore/acquire_release_volatile.template
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/loadstore/atomic_load.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/loadstore/atomic_load.template
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/loadstore/atomic_store.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/loadstore/atomic_store.template
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/loadstore/char_acquire_release_volatile.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/loadstore/char_atomic_load.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/loadstore/char_atomic_store.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/loadstore/double_atomic_load_store.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/loadstore/int_acquire_release_volatile.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/loadstore/int_atomic_load.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/loadstore/int_atomic_store.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/loadstore/ordered_loads_only.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/loadstore/ordered_loads_only.template
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/loadstore/ordered_stores_only.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/loadstore/ordered_stores_only.template
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/loadstore/short_acquire_release_volatile.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/loadstore/short_atomic_load.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/loadstore/short_atomic_store.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/msftc/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/msftc/arm.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/msftc/common32_defs.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/msftc/x86.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/msftc/x86_64.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/ordered.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/ordered_except_wr.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/read_ordered.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/standard_ao_double_t.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/sunc/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/sunc/sparc.S
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/sunc/sparc.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/sunc/x86.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/test_and_set_t_is_ao_t.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libatomic_ops/atomic_ops/sysdeps/test_and_set_t_is_char.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libbacktrace/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libbacktrace/amalgamation.txt
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libbacktrace/backtrace.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libbacktrace/backtrace.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libbacktrace/base.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libbacktrace/darwin.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libbacktrace/linux.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libbacktrace/windows.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/amalgamation.txt
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/gc.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/include/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/include/gc/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/include/gc.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/include/gc/cord.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/include/gc/cord_pos.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/include/gc/ec.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/include/gc/gc.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/include/gc/gc_allocator.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/include/gc/gc_backptr.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/include/gc/gc_config_macros.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/include/gc/gc_disclaim.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/include/gc/gc_gcj.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/include/gc/gc_inline.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/include/gc/gc_mark.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/include/gc/gc_pthread_redirects.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/include/gc/gc_tiny_fl.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/include/gc/gc_typed.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/include/gc/gc_version.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/include/gc/javaxfc.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/libgc/include/gc/leak_detector.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/README.md
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/everest/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/everest/Hacl_Curve25519.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/everest/everest.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/everest/kremlib/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/everest/kremlib.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/everest/kremlib/FStar_UInt128.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/everest/kremlib/FStar_UInt64_FStar_UInt32_FStar_UInt16_FStar_UInt8.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/everest/kremlin/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/everest/kremlin/c_endianness.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/everest/kremlin/internal/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/everest/kremlin/internal/builtin.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/everest/kremlin/internal/callconv.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/everest/kremlin/internal/compat.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/everest/kremlin/internal/debug.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/everest/kremlin/internal/target.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/everest/kremlin/internal/types.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/everest/kremlin/internal/wasmsupport.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/everest/vs2010/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/everest/vs2010/Hacl_Curve25519.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/everest/vs2010/inttypes.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/everest/vs2010/stdbool.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/include/everest/x25519.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/library/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/library/Hacl_Curve25519.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/library/Hacl_Curve25519_joined.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/library/everest.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/library/kremlib/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/library/kremlib/FStar_UInt128_extracted.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/library/kremlib/FStar_UInt64_FStar_UInt32_FStar_UInt16_FStar_UInt8.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/library/legacy/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/library/legacy/Hacl_Curve25519.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/library/x25519.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/LICENSE
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/README.md
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/aes.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/aria.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/asn1.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/asn1write.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/base64.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/bignum.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/build_info.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/camellia.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ccm.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/chacha20.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/chachapoly.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/check_config.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/cipher.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/cmac.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/compat-2.x.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/config_psa.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/constant_time.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ctr_drbg.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/debug.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/des.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/dhm.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ecdh.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ecdsa.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ecjpake.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ecp.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/entropy.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/error.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/gcm.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/hkdf.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/hmac_drbg.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/mbedtls_config.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/md.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/md5.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/memory_buffer_alloc.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/net_sockets.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/nist_kw.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/oid.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/pem.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/pk.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/pkcs12.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/pkcs5.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/platform.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/platform_time.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/platform_util.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/poly1305.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/private_access.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/psa_util.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ripemd160.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/rsa.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/sha1.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/sha256.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/sha512.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ssl.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ssl_cache.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ssl_ciphersuites.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ssl_cookie.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/ssl_ticket.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/threading.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/timing.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/version.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/x509.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/x509_crl.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/x509_crt.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/mbedtls/x509_csr.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/psa/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/psa/crypto.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/psa/crypto_builtin_composites.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/psa/crypto_builtin_primitives.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/psa/crypto_compat.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/psa/crypto_config.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/psa/crypto_driver_common.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/psa/crypto_driver_contexts_composites.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/psa/crypto_driver_contexts_primitives.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/psa/crypto_extra.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/psa/crypto_platform.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/psa/crypto_se_driver.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/psa/crypto_sizes.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/psa/crypto_struct.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/psa/crypto_types.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/include/psa/crypto_values.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/aes.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/aesni.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/aesni.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/aria.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/asn1parse.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/asn1write.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/base64.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/bignum.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/bignum_internal.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/bn_mul.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/camellia.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ccm.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/chacha20.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/chachapoly.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/check_crypto_config.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/cipher.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/cipher_wrap.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/cipher_wrap.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/cmac.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/common.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/constant_time.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/constant_time_internal.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/constant_time_invasive.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ctr_drbg.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/debug.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/des.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/dhm.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ecdh.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ecdsa.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ecjpake.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ecp.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ecp_curves.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ecp_internal_alt.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ecp_invasive.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/entropy.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/entropy_poll.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/entropy_poll.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/error.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/gcm.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/hkdf.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/hmac_drbg.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/md.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/md5.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/md_wrap.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/memory_buffer_alloc.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/mps_common.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/mps_error.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/mps_reader.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/mps_reader.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/mps_trace.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/mps_trace.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/net_sockets.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/nist_kw.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/oid.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/padlock.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/padlock.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/pem.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/pk.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/pk_wrap.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/pk_wrap.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/pkcs12.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/pkcs5.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/pkparse.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/pkwrite.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/pkwrite.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/platform.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/platform_util.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/poly1305.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_aead.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_aead.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_cipher.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_cipher.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_client.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_core.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_driver_wrappers.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_driver_wrappers.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_ecp.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_ecp.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_hash.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_hash.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_invasive.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_its.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_mac.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_mac.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_random_impl.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_rsa.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_rsa.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_se.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_se.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_slot_management.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_slot_management.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_storage.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_crypto_storage.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/psa_its_file.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ripemd160.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/rsa.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/rsa_alt_helpers.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/rsa_alt_helpers.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/sha1.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/sha256.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/sha512.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ssl_cache.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ssl_ciphersuites.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ssl_client.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ssl_client.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ssl_cookie.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ssl_debug_helpers.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ssl_debug_helpers_generated.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ssl_misc.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ssl_msg.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ssl_ticket.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ssl_tls.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ssl_tls12_client.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ssl_tls12_server.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ssl_tls13_client.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ssl_tls13_generic.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ssl_tls13_invasive.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ssl_tls13_keys.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ssl_tls13_keys.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/ssl_tls13_server.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/threading.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/timing.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/version.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/version_features.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/x509.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/x509_create.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/x509_crl.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/x509_crt.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/x509_csr.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/x509write_crt.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mbedtls/library/x509write_csr.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mssql/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mssql/include/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mssql/include/.gitignore
lib/vlang/thirdparty/mssql/include/mssql.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/photon/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/photon/photonwrapper.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/picoev/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/picoev/picoev.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/picoev/src/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/picoev/src/README.md
lib/vlang/thirdparty/picoev/src/picoev.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/picoev/src/picoev_epoll.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/picoev/src/picoev_kqueue.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/picoev/src/picoev_select.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/picoev/src/picoev_w32.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/picohttpparser/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/picohttpparser/picohttpparser.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/picohttpparser/picohttpparser.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/picohttpparser/src/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/picohttpparser/src/README.md
lib/vlang/thirdparty/picohttpparser/src/picohttpparser.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/picohttpparser/src/picohttpparser.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/sokol/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/sokol/sokol_app.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/sokol/sokol_app2.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/sokol/sokol_audio.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/sokol/sokol_gfx.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/sokol/sokol_v.post.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/sokol/util/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/sokol/util/sokol_fontstash.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/sokol/util/sokol_gl.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/stb_image/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/stb_image/stb_image.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/stb_image/stb_image_resize.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/stb_image/stb_image_write.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/stb_image/stb_v_header.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/stb_image/stbi.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/stdatomic/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/stdatomic/nix/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/stdatomic/nix/atomic.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/stdatomic/nix/atomic_cpp.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/stdatomic/nix/cpp/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/stdatomic/nix/cpp/gen.v
lib/vlang/thirdparty/stdatomic/win/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/stdatomic/win/atomic.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/vschannel/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/vschannel/vschannel.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/vschannel/vschannel.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/walloc/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/walloc/walloc.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/zip/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/zip/miniz.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/zip/zip.c
lib/vlang/thirdparty/zip/zip.h
lib/vlang/thirdparty/zstd/
lib/vlang/thirdparty/zstd/README.md
lib/vlang/thirdparty/zstd/zstd.c
@bin lib/vlang/v
lib/vlang/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/
lib/vlang/vlib/.vdocignore
lib/vlang/vlib/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/arrays/
lib/vlang/vlib/arrays/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/arrays/arrays.v
lib/vlang/vlib/arrays/arrays_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/arrays/index_of.v
lib/vlang/vlib/arrays/map_of.v
lib/vlang/vlib/arrays/uniq.v
lib/vlang/vlib/arrays/uniq_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/benchmark/
lib/vlang/vlib/benchmark/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/benchmark/benchmark.v
lib/vlang/vlib/benchmark/benchmark_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/bitfield/
lib/vlang/vlib/bitfield/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/bitfield/bitfield.v
lib/vlang/vlib/bitfield/bitfield_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/array.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/array_d_gcboehm_opt.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/array_flags_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/array_index_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/array_notd_gcboehm_opt.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/array_sorted_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/backtraces.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/backtraces_nix.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/backtraces_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/builtin.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/builtin.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/builtin_android_outside_termux.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/builtin_backtraces_d_musl.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/builtin_backtraces_nix.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/builtin_d_gcboehm.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/builtin_d_use_libbacktrace.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/builtin_ios.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/builtin_nix.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/builtin_notd_gcboehm.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/builtin_notd_use_libbacktrace.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/builtin_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/builtin_unbuffer_stdout_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/builtin_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/byte_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/cfns.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/cfns_wrapper.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/chan.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/character_inout.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/character_inout_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/float.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/float_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/float_x64.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/gated_array_string_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/int.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/int_notd_new_int.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/int_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/isnil_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/js/
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/js/array.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/js/array_test.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/js/builtin.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/js/builtin.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/js/byte.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/js/float.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/js/int.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/js/int_test.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/js/jsfns.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/js/jsfns_browser.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/js/jsfns_node.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/js/map.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/js/map_test.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/js/promise.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/js/rune.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/js/string.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/js/string_test.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/js/utf8.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/lambda_expr_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/libc_impl.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/linux_syscalls.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/memory_managment.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/old/
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/old/.checks/
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/old/.checks/.gitignore
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/old/.checks/checks.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/old/.checks/consts/
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/old/.checks/consts/consts.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/old/.checks/forkedtest/
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/old/.checks/forkedtest/forkedtest.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/old/.checks/linuxsys/
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/old/.checks/linuxsys/linuxsys.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/old/.checks/readme.md
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/old/.checks/sample_text1.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/old/.checks/string/
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/old/.checks/string/string.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/old/.checks/structs/
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/old/.checks/structs/structs.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/old/array_bare.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/old/builtin_bare.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/old/linuxsys_bare.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/old/mm_bare.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/old/string_bare.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/linux_bare/old/syscallwrapper_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/map.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/map.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/map_d_gcboehm_opt.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/map_of_floats_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/map_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/option.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/option.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/prealloc.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/result.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/rune.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/rune_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/sorted_lambda_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/sorted_map.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/sorting_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/string.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/string_charptr_byteptr_helpers.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/string_int_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/string_interpolation.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/string_match_glob_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/string_strip_margin_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/string_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/string_trim_indent_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/utf8.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/utf8.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/utf8_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/wasm/
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/wasm/alloc.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/wasm/browser/
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/wasm/browser/builtin.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/wasm/builtin.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/wasm/string.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/wasm/wasi/
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/wasm/wasi/builtin.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/wasm/wasi/int.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/wasm/wasi/string.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/wasm/wasi/wasi.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/wasm_bare/
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/wasm_bare/libc_impl.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/wasm_bare/memory_management.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/wchar/
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/wchar/wchar.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/builtin/wchar/wchar_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/cli/
lib/vlang/vlib/cli/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/cli/cli_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/cli/command.v
lib/vlang/vlib/cli/command_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/cli/flag.v
lib/vlang/vlib/cli/flag_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/cli/help.v
lib/vlang/vlib/cli/help_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/cli/man.v
lib/vlang/vlib/cli/man_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/cli/version.v
lib/vlang/vlib/clipboard/
lib/vlang/vlib/clipboard/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/clipboard/clipboard.v
lib/vlang/vlib/clipboard/clipboard_android.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/clipboard/clipboard_darwin.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/clipboard/clipboard_darwin.m
lib/vlang/vlib/clipboard/clipboard_default.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/clipboard/clipboard_solaris.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/clipboard/clipboard_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/clipboard/clipboard_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/clipboard/dummy/
lib/vlang/vlib/clipboard/dummy/dummy_clipboard.v
lib/vlang/vlib/clipboard/x11/
lib/vlang/vlib/clipboard/x11/clipboard.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/compress.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/deflate/
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/deflate/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/deflate/deflate.v
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/deflate/deflate_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/gzip/
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/gzip/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/gzip/gzip.v
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/gzip/gzip_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/gzip/read_gz_files_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/gzip/samples/
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/gzip/samples/known.gz
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/gzip/samples/pwgen_13_20_1.gz
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/gzip/samples/pwgen_13_20_2.gz
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/gzip/samples/pwgen_13_20_3.gz
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/gzip/samples/rand1.gz
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/gzip/samples/rand2.gz
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/gzip/samples/rand3.gz
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/gzip/samples/readme_level_1.gz
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/gzip/samples/readme_level_5.gz
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/gzip/samples/readme_level_9.gz
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/gzip/samples/readme_level_9_rsyncable.gz
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/szip/
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/szip/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/szip/szip.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/szip/szip_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zlib/
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zlib/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zlib/zlib.v
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zlib/zlib_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/read_zstd_files_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/samples/
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/samples/known.zst
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/samples/readme_level_1.zst
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/samples/readme_level_10.zst
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/samples/readme_level_11.zst
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/samples/readme_level_12.zst
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/samples/readme_level_13.zst
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/samples/readme_level_14.zst
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/samples/readme_level_15.zst
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/samples/readme_level_16.zst
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/samples/readme_level_17.zst
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/samples/readme_level_18.zst
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/samples/readme_level_19.zst
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/samples/readme_level_2.zst
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/samples/readme_level_3.zst
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/samples/readme_level_4.zst
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/samples/readme_level_5.zst
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/samples/readme_level_6.zst
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/samples/readme_level_7.zst
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/samples/readme_level_8.zst
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/samples/readme_level_9.zst
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/zstd.v
lib/vlang/vlib/compress/zstd/zstd_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/context/
lib/vlang/vlib/context/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/context/cancel.v
lib/vlang/vlib/context/cancel_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/context/context.v
lib/vlang/vlib/context/deadline.v
lib/vlang/vlib/context/deadline_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/context/empty.v
lib/vlang/vlib/context/empty_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/context/onecontext/
lib/vlang/vlib/context/onecontext/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/context/onecontext/onecontext.v
lib/vlang/vlib/context/onecontext/onecontext_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/context/value.v
lib/vlang/vlib/context/value_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/coroutines/
lib/vlang/vlib/coroutines/coroutines.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/coroutines/sp_corrector.c
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/aes/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/aes/aes.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/aes/aes_cbc.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/aes/aes_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/aes/block_generic.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/aes/const.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/aes/cypher_generic.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/bcrypt/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/bcrypt/base64.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/bcrypt/bcrypt.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/bcrypt/bcrypt_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake2b/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake2b/blake2b.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake2b/blake2b_block_generic.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake2b/blake2b_block_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake2b/blake2b_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake2b/testdata/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake2b/testdata/README
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake2b/testdata/blake2b.awk
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake2b/testdata/blake2b_test_vectors.json
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake2b/testdata/test_vectors.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake2s/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake2s/blake2s.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake2s/blake2s_block_generic.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake2s/blake2s_block_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake2s/blake2s_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake2s/testdata/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake2s/testdata/README
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake2s/testdata/blake2s.awk
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake2s/testdata/blake2s_test_vectors.json
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake2s/testdata/test_vectors.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake3/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake3/blake3.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake3/blake3_block_generic.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake3/blake3_block_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake3/blake3_chunk.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake3/blake3_chunk_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake3/blake3_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake3/testdata/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake3/testdata/README
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blake3/testdata/test_vectors.json
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blowfish/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blowfish/block.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blowfish/blowfish.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blowfish/blowfish_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/blowfish/const.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/cipher/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/cipher/aes_cbc_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/cipher/aes_cfb_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/cipher/aes_ctr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/cipher/aes_ofb_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/cipher/cbc.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/cipher/cfb.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/cipher/cipher.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/cipher/ctr.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/cipher/des_cbc_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/cipher/des_cfb_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/cipher/des_ctr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/cipher/des_ofb_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/cipher/ofb.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/cipher/xor_generic.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/crypto.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/des/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/des/block.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/des/const.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/des/des.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/des/des_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/LICENSE
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/ed25519.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/examples/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/examples/example.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/internal/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/internal/ed25519_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/internal/edwards25519/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/internal/edwards25519/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/internal/edwards25519/edwards25519.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/internal/edwards25519/element.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/internal/edwards25519/element_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/internal/edwards25519/extra.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/internal/edwards25519/extra_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/internal/edwards25519/point.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/internal/edwards25519/point_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/internal/edwards25519/scalar.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/internal/edwards25519/scalar_alias_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/internal/edwards25519/scalar_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/internal/edwards25519/scalarmult.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/internal/edwards25519/scalarmult_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/internal/edwards25519/table.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/internal/edwards25519/table_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/testdata/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/ed25519/testdata/sign.input
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/hmac/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/hmac/hmac.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/hmac/hmac_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/internal/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/internal/subtle/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/internal/subtle/aliasing.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/internal/subtle/comparison.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/internal/subtle/comparison_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/md5/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/md5/md5.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/md5/md5_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/md5/md5block_generic.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/pem/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/pem/decode.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/pem/encode.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/pem/pem.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/pem/pem_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/rand/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/rand/crypto_rand_bytes_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/rand/rand.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/rand/rand_darwin.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/rand/rand_default.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/rand/rand_freebsd.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/rand/rand_linux.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/rand/rand_openbsd.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/rand/rand_solaris.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/rand/rand_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/rand/utils.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/rc4/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/rc4/rc4.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/rc4/rc4_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/sha1/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/sha1/sha1.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/sha1/sha1_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/sha1/sha1block_generic.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/sha256/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/sha256/sha256.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/sha256/sha256_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/sha256/sha256block_generic.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/sha512/
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/sha512/sha512.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/sha512/sha512_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/crypto/sha512/sha512block_generic.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/bloom_filter.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/bloom_filter_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/bstree.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/bstree_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/doubly_linked_list.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/doubly_linked_list_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/fsm/
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/fsm/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/fsm/fsm.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/fsm/fsm_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/fsm/tools/
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/fsm/tools/fsm_graph.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/heap.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/heap_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/linked_list.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/linked_list_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/quadtree.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/quadtree_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/queue.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/queue_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/ringbuffer.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/ringbuffer_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/set.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/set_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/stack.v
lib/vlang/vlib/datatypes/stack_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mssql/
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mssql/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mssql/_cdef_nix.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mssql/_cdef_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mssql/_cdefs.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mssql/config.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mssql/mssql.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mssql/result.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mssql/stmt_handle.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mysql/
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mysql/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mysql/_cdefs.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mysql/_cdefs_nix.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mysql/_cdefs_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mysql/consts.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mysql/enums.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mysql/mysql.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mysql/mysql_orm_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mysql/mysql_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mysql/orm.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mysql/prepared_stmt_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mysql/result.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mysql/stmt.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/mysql/utils.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/pg/
lib/vlang/vlib/db/pg/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/db/pg/compatibility.h
lib/vlang/vlib/db/pg/oid.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/pg/orm.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/pg/pg.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/pg/pg_double_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/pg/pg_orm_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/pg/pg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/sqlite/
lib/vlang/vlib/db/sqlite/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/db/sqlite/orm.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/sqlite/result_code.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/sqlite/sqlite.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/sqlite/sqlite_orm_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/sqlite/sqlite_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/sqlite/sqlite_vfs_lowlevel_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/sqlite/stmt.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/db/sqlite/vfs_lowlevel.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/dl/
lib/vlang/vlib/dl/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/dl/dl.v
lib/vlang/vlib/dl/dl_nix.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/dl/dl_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/dl/dl_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/dl/loader/
lib/vlang/vlib/dl/loader/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/dl/loader/loader.v
lib/vlang/vlib/dl/loader/loader_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/dl/rtld_next_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/dlmalloc/
lib/vlang/vlib/dlmalloc/dlmalloc.v
lib/vlang/vlib/dlmalloc/dlmalloc_sys_nix.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/dlmalloc/dlmalloc_sys_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/dlmalloc/global.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/base32/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/base32/base32.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/base32/base32_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/base58/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/base58/alphabet.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/base58/base58.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/base58/base58_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/base58/base58_usage_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/base64/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/base64/base64.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/base64/base64.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/base64/base64_memory_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/base64/base64_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/binary/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/binary/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/binary/big_endian.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/binary/big_endian_fixed.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/binary/big_endian_fixed_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/binary/big_endian_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/binary/little_endian.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/binary/little_endian_fixed.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/binary/little_endian_fixed_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/binary/little_endian_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/csv/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/csv/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/csv/README_csv_reader.md
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/csv/csv_reader_random_access.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/csv/csv_reader_sequential.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/csv/csv_reader_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/csv/reader.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/csv/reader_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/csv/to_struct_arr.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/csv/utils.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/csv/utils_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/csv/writer.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/csv/writer_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/hex/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/hex/hex.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/hex/hex_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/html/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/html/escape.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/html/escape_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/html/named_references.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/leb128/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/leb128/leb128.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/leb128/leb128_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/txtar/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/txtar/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/txtar/pack_unpack.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/txtar/txtar.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/txtar/txtar_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/utf8/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/utf8/east_asian/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/utf8/east_asian/east_asian_width.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/utf8/east_asian/east_asian_width_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/utf8/encoding_utf8_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/utf8/utf8.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/utf8/utf8_tables.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/utf8/utf8_util.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/utf8/utf8_util_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/encoding.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/encoding_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/entity.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/entity_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/parser.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/parser_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/query.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/query_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/reader_util.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/gtk/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/gtk/gtk_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/01_mdn_example/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/01_mdn_example/hello_world.xml
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/01_mdn_example/hello_world_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/02_note_message/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/02_note_message/note.xml
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/02_note_message/note_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/03_cd_catalogue/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/03_cd_catalogue/cd_catalog.xml
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/03_cd_catalogue/cd_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/04_empty_file/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/04_empty_file/empty.xml
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/04_empty_file/expected_error.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/05_single_element/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/05_single_element/root.xml
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/05_single_element/root_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/06_nested_elements/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/06_nested_elements/nested.xml
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/06_nested_elements/nested_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/07_mixed_contents/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/07_mixed_contents/mixed.xml
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/07_mixed_contents/mixed_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/08_comments/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/08_comments/comment.xml
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/08_comments/comment_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/09_malformed/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/09_malformed/expected_error.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/09_malformed/malformed.xml
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/10_missing_tag/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/10_missing_tag/expected_error.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/10_missing_tag/malformed.xml
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/11_cdata_content/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/11_cdata_content/cdata.xml
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/11_cdata_content/cdata_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/12_doctype_entity/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/12_doctype_entity/entity.xml
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/12_doctype_entity/spec_entity_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/13_doctype_element/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/13_doctype_element/doctype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/13_doctype_element/element.xml
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/14_attributes/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/14_attributes/attributes.xml
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/14_attributes/attributes_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/15_incomplete_entity_1/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/15_incomplete_entity_1/entity.xml
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/15_incomplete_entity_1/expected_error.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/16_incomplete_entity_2/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/16_incomplete_entity_2/entity.xml
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/16_incomplete_entity_2/expected_error.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/17_incomplete_element_1/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/17_incomplete_element_1/element.xml
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/17_incomplete_element_1/expected_error.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/18_incomplete_element_2/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/18_incomplete_element_2/element.xml
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/18_incomplete_element_2/expected_error.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/19_single_letter_tag/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/19_single_letter_tag/shared.xml
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/19_single_letter_tag/shared_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/20_bom_file/
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/20_bom_file/bom_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/local/20_bom_file/workbook.bin
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/test/spec_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/types.v
lib/vlang/vlib/encoding/xml/validation.v
lib/vlang/vlib/eventbus/
lib/vlang/vlib/eventbus/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/eventbus/eventbus.v
lib/vlang/vlib/eventbus/eventbus_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/flag/
lib/vlang/vlib/flag/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/flag/default_flag_options_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/flag/flag.v
lib/vlang/vlib/flag/flag_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/flag/testdata/
lib/vlang/vlib/flag/testdata/simplest_flag_program.dashdash.help.out
lib/vlang/vlib/flag/testdata/simplest_flag_program.dashdash.version.out
lib/vlang/vlib/flag/testdata/simplest_flag_program.help.out
lib/vlang/vlib/flag/testdata/simplest_flag_program.out
lib/vlang/vlib/flag/testdata/simplest_flag_program.v
lib/vlang/vlib/flag/testdata/simplest_flag_program.version.out
lib/vlang/vlib/flag/testdata/usage_example.help.out
lib/vlang/vlib/flag/testdata/usage_example.out
lib/vlang/vlib/flag/testdata/usage_example.v
lib/vlang/vlib/flag/testdata/usage_example.version.out
lib/vlang/vlib/flag/usage_example_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/fontstash/
lib/vlang/vlib/fontstash/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/fontstash/a_d_use_freetype.v
lib/vlang/vlib/fontstash/fontstash.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/fontstash/fontstash_enums.v
lib/vlang/vlib/fontstash/fontstash_funcs.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/fontstash/fontstash_structs.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/draw.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/draw_fns_api_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/enums.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/gg.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/gg.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/gg.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/gg_android_outside_termux.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/gg_darwin.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/gg_darwin.m
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/gg_ui.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/image.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/image.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/image.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/import_gx.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/m4/
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/m4/graphic.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/m4/m4_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/m4/matrix.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/m4/vector.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/recorder.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/recorder.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/recorder.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/testdata/
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/testdata/draw_arcs.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/testdata/draw_circles.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/testdata/draw_elipses.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/testdata/draw_polygons.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/testdata/draw_rounded_rect_empty.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/testdata/draw_simple_polygons.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/testdata/remove_image_from_cache.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/testdata/tweak_circles.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/text_rendering.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/text_rendering.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gg/text_rendering.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gx/
lib/vlang/vlib/gx/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/gx/color.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gx/color_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gx/image.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gx/text.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gx/text.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/gx/text.v
lib/vlang/vlib/hash/
lib/vlang/vlib/hash/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/hash/crc32/
lib/vlang/vlib/hash/crc32/crc32.v
lib/vlang/vlib/hash/crc32/crc32_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/hash/fnv1a/
lib/vlang/vlib/hash/fnv1a/fnv1a.v
lib/vlang/vlib/hash/fnv1a/fnv1a_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/hash/hash.v
lib/vlang/vlib/hash/hash_compiles_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/hash/wyhash.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/hash/wyhash.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/hash/wyhash.v
lib/vlang/vlib/io/
lib/vlang/vlib/io/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/io/buffered_reader.v
lib/vlang/vlib/io/custom_string_reading_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/io/io.v
lib/vlang/vlib/io/io_cp_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/io/io_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/io/multi_writer.v
lib/vlang/vlib/io/multi_writer_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/io/os_file_reader_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/io/reader.v
lib/vlang/vlib/io/reader_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/io/readerwriter.v
lib/vlang/vlib/io/string_reader/
lib/vlang/vlib/io/string_reader/string_reader.v
lib/vlang/vlib/io/string_reader/string_reader_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/io/util/
lib/vlang/vlib/io/util/util.v
lib/vlang/vlib/io/util/util_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/io/writer.v
lib/vlang/vlib/js/
lib/vlang/vlib/js/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/js/dom/
lib/vlang/vlib/js/dom/dom.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/js/dom/dom.v
lib/vlang/vlib/js/js.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/js/js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/
lib/vlang/vlib/json/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/json/cjson/
lib/vlang/vlib/json/cjson/cjson_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/cjson/cjson_wrapper.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_alias_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_decode_option_enum_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_decode_struct_ptr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_decode_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_decode_with_encode_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_decode_with_generic_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_decode_with_generic_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_decode_with_option_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_decode_with_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_encode_enum_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_encode_map_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_encode_primite_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_encode_recursive_ptr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_encode_struct_with_option_field_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_encode_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_encode_with_mut_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_encode_with_ptr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_generic_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_omitempty_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_omitempty_types_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_option_alias_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_option_none_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_option_raw_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_option_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_primitives.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_raw_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_struct_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/json/json_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/log/
lib/vlang/vlib/log/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/log/common.v
lib/vlang/vlib/log/default.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/log/default.v
lib/vlang/vlib/log/default_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/log/file_log_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/log/log.v
lib/vlang/vlib/log/log_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/log/logger_interface.v
lib/vlang/vlib/log/safe_log.v
lib/vlang/vlib/maps/
lib/vlang/vlib/maps/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/maps/maps.v
lib/vlang/vlib/maps/maps_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/
lib/vlang/vlib/math/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/math/ROADMAP.md
lib/vlang/vlib/math/abs.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/big/
lib/vlang/vlib/math/big/array_ops.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/big/array_ops_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/big/big.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/big/big.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/big/big_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/big/division_array_ops.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/big/division_array_ops_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/big/exponentiation.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/big/integer.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/big/large_number_power_and_string_conversion_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/big/min_max.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/big/special_array_ops.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/big/special_array_ops_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/bits/
lib/vlang/vlib/math/bits.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/bits.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/bits/bits.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/bits/bits_tables.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/bits/bits_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/bits/unsafe_bits.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/bits/unsafe_bits.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/cbrt.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/cbrt.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/complex/
lib/vlang/vlib/math/complex/complex.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/complex/complex_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/const.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/div.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/erf.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/erf_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/exp.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/exp.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/exp.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/factorial.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/factorial_tables.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/factorial_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/floor.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/floor.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/fractions/
lib/vlang/vlib/math/fractions/approximations.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/fractions/approximations_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/fractions/fraction.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/fractions/fraction_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/gamma.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/gamma_tables.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/hypot.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/internal/
lib/vlang/vlib/math/internal/machine.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/invhyp.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/invtrig.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/invtrig.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/limit.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/log.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/log.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/math.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/math.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/math_bench_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/math_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/min_max_abs.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/min_max_abs_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/modf.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/nextafter.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/poly.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/pow.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/pow.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/q_rsqrt.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/scalbn.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/sin.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/sin.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/sin.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/sinh.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/sinh.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/sqrt.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/sqrt.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/square.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/square_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/stats/
lib/vlang/vlib/math/stats/stats.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/stats/stats_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/tan.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/tan.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/tan.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/tanh.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/tanh.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/unsafe.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/unsafe.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/unsigned/
lib/vlang/vlib/math/unsigned/uint128.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/unsigned/uint128_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/unsigned/uint256.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/vec/
lib/vlang/vlib/math/vec/vec2.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/vec/vec2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/vec/vec3.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/vec/vec3_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/vec/vec4.v
lib/vlang/vlib/math/vec/vec4_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/net/aasocket.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/address.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/address_android.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/address_darwin.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/address_default.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/address_dragonfly.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/address_freebsd.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/address_linux.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/address_netbsd.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/address_openbsd.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/address_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/address_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/afunix.h
lib/vlang/vlib/net/common.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/conv/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/conv/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/net/conv/conv.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/conv/conv_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/dial_tcp_with_bind_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/errors.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/ftp/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/ftp/ftp.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/ftp/ftp_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/html/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/html/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/net/html/data_structures.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/html/dom.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/html/dom_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/html/html.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/html/html_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/html/parser.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/html/parser_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/html/tag.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/html/tag_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/backend.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/backend_vschannel_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/chunked/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/chunked/dechunk.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/chunked/dechunk_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/cookie.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/cookie_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/download.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/download_nix.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/download_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/file/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/file/entity.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/file/folder_index.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/file/static_server.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/header.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/header_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/http.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/http_httpbin_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/http_proxy.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/http_proxy_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/http_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/method.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/mime/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/mime/build.vsh
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/mime/db.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/mime/mime.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/mime/mime_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/request.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/request_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/response.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/response_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/server.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/server_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/status.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/status_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/util.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/http/version.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/ipv6_v6only.h
lib/vlang/vlib/net/mbedtls/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/mbedtls/mbedtls.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/mbedtls/mbedtls_compiles_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/mbedtls/mbedtls_sslconn_shutdown_does_not_panic_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/mbedtls/ssl_connection.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/net_nix.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/net_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/openssl/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/openssl/openssl.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/openssl/openssl_compiles_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/openssl/ssl_connection.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/smtp/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/smtp/smtp.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/smtp/smtp_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/socket.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/socket_options.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/socks/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/socks/socks5.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/socks/socks5_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/ssl/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/ssl/ssl_compiles_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/ssl/ssl_d_use_openssl.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/ssl/ssl_notd_use_openssl.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/tcp.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/tcp_non_blocking_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/tcp_read_line.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/tcp_self_dial_from_many_clients_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/tcp_simple_client_server_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/tcp_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/udp.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/udp_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/unix/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/unix/aasocket.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/unix/common.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/unix/stream.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/unix/unix_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/unix/use_net_and_net_unix_together_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/urllib/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/urllib/urllib.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/urllib/urllib_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/urllib/values.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/urllib/values_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/util.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/events.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/handshake.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/io.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/message.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/autobahn_client.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/autobahn_client_wss.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/autobahn_server.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/docker-compose.yml
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/fuzzing_server/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/fuzzing_server/Dockerfile
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/fuzzing_server/check_results.py
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/fuzzing_server/config/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/fuzzing_server/config/fuzzingclient.json
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/fuzzing_server/config/fuzzingserver.json
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/fuzzing_server_wss/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/fuzzing_server_wss/Dockerfile
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/fuzzing_server_wss/check_results.py
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/fuzzing_server_wss/config/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/fuzzing_server_wss/config/fuzzingserver.json
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/fuzzing_server_wss/config/server.crt
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/fuzzing_server_wss/config/server.csr
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/fuzzing_server_wss/config/server.key
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/fuzzing_server_wss/config/server.pem
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/local_run/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/local_run/Dockerfile
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/local_run/autobahn_client.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/local_run/autobahn_client_wss.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/ws_test/
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/tests/autobahn/ws_test/Dockerfile
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/uri.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/utils.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/websocket_client.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/websocket_nix.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/websocket_server.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/websocket_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/net/websocket/websocket_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/orm/
lib/vlang/vlib/orm/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/orm/orm.v
lib/vlang/vlib/orm/orm_create_and_drop_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/orm/orm_custom_operators_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/orm/orm_fk_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/orm/orm_fn_calls_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/orm/orm_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/orm/orm_insert_reserved_name_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/orm/orm_insert_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/orm/orm_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/orm/orm_last_id_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/orm/orm_mut_db_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/orm/orm_null_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/orm/orm_option_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/orm/orm_option_time_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/orm/orm_references_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/orm/orm_result_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/orm/orm_sql_or_blocks_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/orm/orm_string_interpolation_in_where_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/orm/orm_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/
lib/vlang/vlib/os/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/os/args.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/bare/
lib/vlang/vlib/os/bare/bare_example_linux.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/cmdline/
lib/vlang/vlib/os/cmdline/cmdline.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/cmdline/cmdline_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/const.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/const_nix.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/const_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/debugger_darwin.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/debugger_default.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/debugger_freebsd.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/debugger_linux.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/debugger_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/dir_expansions_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/environment.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/environment.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/environment_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/fd.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/file.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/file.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/file_buffering.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/file_buffering_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/file_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/filelock/
lib/vlang/vlib/os/filelock/filelock_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/filelock/lib.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/filelock/lib_nix.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/filelock/lib_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/filepath.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/filepath_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/filepath_windows.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/find_abs_path_of_executable_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/font/
lib/vlang/vlib/os/font/font.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/glob_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/inode.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/inode_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/notify/
lib/vlang/vlib/os/notify/backend_darwin.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/notify/backend_default.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/notify/backend_linux.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/notify/epoll.h
lib/vlang/vlib/os/notify/kqueue.h
lib/vlang/vlib/os/notify/notify.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/notify/notify_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/open_and_read_from_file_test.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/open_uri_default.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/open_uri_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/os.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/os.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/os.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/os_android_outside_termux.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/os_darwin.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/os_js.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/os_linux.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/os_nix.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/os_stat_default.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/os_stat_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/os_stat_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/os_structs_dirent_default.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/os_structs_sigaction_default.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/os_structs_stat_default.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/os_structs_stat_linux.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/os_structs_stat_windows.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/os_structs_utsname_default.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/os_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/os_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/password_nix.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/password_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/process.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/process.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/process.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/process_nix.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/process_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/process_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/signal.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/signal.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/signal.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/signal_darwin.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/signal_default.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/signal_linux.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/signal_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/os/signal_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/picoev/
lib/vlang/vlib/picoev/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/picoev/loop_default.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/picoev/loop_freebsd.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/picoev/loop_linux.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/picoev/loop_macos.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/picoev/picoev.v
lib/vlang/vlib/picoev/picoev_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/picoev/socket_util.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/picohttpparser/
lib/vlang/vlib/picohttpparser/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/picohttpparser/misc.v
lib/vlang/vlib/picohttpparser/misc_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/picohttpparser/picohttpparser.v
lib/vlang/vlib/picohttpparser/request.v
lib/vlang/vlib/picohttpparser/request_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/picohttpparser/response.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/buffer/
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/buffer/buffer.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/config/
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/config/config.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/constants/
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/constants/constants.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/dist_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/fp_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/mini_math.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/mt19937/
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/mt19937/mt19937.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/mt19937/mt19937_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/musl/
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/musl/musl_rng.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/musl/musl_rng_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/pcg32/
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/pcg32/pcg32.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/pcg32/pcg32_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/rand.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/rand.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/rand.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/rand_test.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/random_bytes_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/random_identifiers_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/random_numbers_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/seed/
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/seed/seed.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/splitmix64/
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/splitmix64/splitmix64.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/splitmix64/splitmix64_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/sys/
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/sys/system_rng.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/sys/system_rng.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/sys/system_rng_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/wyrand/
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/wyrand/wyrand.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/wyrand/wyrand.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/wyrand/wyrand_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/wyrand/z_wyrand.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/xoroshiro128pp/
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/xoroshiro128pp/xoros128pp.v
lib/vlang/vlib/rand/xoroshiro128pp/xoros128pp_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/readline/
lib/vlang/vlib/readline/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/readline/readline.v
lib/vlang/vlib/readline/readline_default.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/readline/readline_js.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/readline/readline_nix.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/readline/readline_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/readline/readline_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/regex/
lib/vlang/vlib/regex/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/regex/regex.v
lib/vlang/vlib/regex/regex_anchor_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/regex/regex_complex_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/regex/regex_opt.v
lib/vlang/vlib/regex/regex_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/regex/regex_util.v
lib/vlang/vlib/runtime/
lib/vlang/vlib/runtime/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/runtime/free_memory_impl_darwin.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/runtime/free_memory_impl_default.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/runtime/free_memory_impl_linux.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/runtime/runtime.v
lib/vlang/vlib/runtime/runtime_nix.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/runtime/runtime_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/runtime/runtime_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/semver/
lib/vlang/vlib/semver/LICENSE.md
lib/vlang/vlib/semver/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/semver/compare.v
lib/vlang/vlib/semver/parse.v
lib/vlang/vlib/semver/range.v
lib/vlang/vlib/semver/semver.v
lib/vlang/vlib/semver/semver_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/semver/util.v
lib/vlang/vlib/semver/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/audio/
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/audio/audio.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/c/
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/c/declaration.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/f/
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/f/f.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/gfx/
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/gfx/enums.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/gfx/gfx.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/gfx/gfx_allocator_and_logger.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/gfx/gfx_funcs.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/gfx/gfx_structs.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/gfx/gfx_utils.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/memory/
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/memory/memory.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/sapp/
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/sapp/enums.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/sapp/sapp.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/sapp/sapp_allocator_and_logger.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/sapp/sapp_funcs.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/sapp/sapp_structs.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/sapp/sapp_v.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/sapp/screenshot.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/sfons/
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/sfons/sfons.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/sfons/sfons_funcs.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/sgl/
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/sgl/enums.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/sgl/sgl.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/sgl/sgl_allocator_and_logger.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/sgl/sgl_funcs.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/sgl/sgl_structs.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sokol/sokol.v
lib/vlang/vlib/stbi/
lib/vlang/vlib/stbi/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/stbi/link_to_libm.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/stbi/stbi.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/stbi/stbi_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/atof.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/atof.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/atof_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/atofq.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/atoi.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/atoi_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/bare/
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/bare/str_array_example.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/converter_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/f32_f64_to_string_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/f32_str.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/f32_str.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/f64_str.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/f64_str.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/f64_str.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/format.md
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/format.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/format_mem.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/format_mem.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/format_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/ftoa.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/number_to_base.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/number_to_base_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/structs.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/tables.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/utilities.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/utilities.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strconv/vprintf.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strings/
lib/vlang/vlib/strings/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/strings/builder.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strings/builder.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strings/builder_test.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strings/builder_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strings/similarity.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strings/similarity_test.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strings/similarity_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strings/strings.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strings/strings.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strings/strings.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strings/strings_test.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strings/strings_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strings/textscanner/
lib/vlang/vlib/strings/textscanner/textscanner.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strings/textscanner/textscanner_test.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/strings/textscanner/textscanner_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/array_rlock_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/bench/
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/bench/channel_bench_go.go
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/bench/channel_bench_v.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/bench/many_writers_and_receivers_on_1_channel.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/bench/results.md
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/channel_1_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/channel_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/channel_3_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/channel_4_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/channel_array_mut_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/channel_close_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/channel_fill_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/channel_opt_propagate_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/channel_polling_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/channel_push_or_1_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/channel_push_or_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/channel_select_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/channel_select_3_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/channel_select_4_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/channel_select_5_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/channel_select_6_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/channel_select_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/channel_try_buf_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/channel_try_unbuf_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/channels.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/channels.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/common_mutex.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/empty_struct_chan_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/many_times.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/many_times_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/mutex_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/once.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/once_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/once_with_param_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/pool/
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/pool/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/pool/pool.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/pool/pool_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/rwmutex_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/select_close_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/stdatomic/
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/stdatomic/1.declarations.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/stdatomic/atomic.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/stdatomic/atomic_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/struct_chan_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/sync.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/sync_darwin.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/sync_default.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/sync_freebsd.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/sync_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/thread_default.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/thread_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/thread_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/threads/
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/threads/threads.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/threads/threads.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/waitgroup.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/sync/waitgroup_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/szip/
lib/vlang/vlib/szip/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/szip/szip.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/szip/szip_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/
lib/vlang/vlib/term/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/term/colors.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/control.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/declarations_default.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/declarations_linux.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/term.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/term.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/term_nix.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/term_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/term_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/termios/
lib/vlang/vlib/term/termios/termios_android.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/termios/termios_darwin.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/termios/termios_default.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/termios/termios_dragonfly.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/termios/termios_freebsd.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/termios/termios_linux.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/termios/termios_openbsd.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/termios/termios_qnx.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/termios/termios_solaris.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/termios/termios_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/termios/termios_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/ui/
lib/vlang/vlib/term/ui/1_term_and_ui_compilation_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/ui/2_term_and_ui_compilation_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/ui/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/term/ui/color.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/ui/consoleapi_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/ui/input.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/ui/input_nix.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/ui/input_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/ui/termios_nix.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/ui/ui.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/ui/ui_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/term/utf8.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/
lib/vlang/vlib/time/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/time/Y2K38_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/chrono.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/chrono.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/chrono_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/custom_format_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/date_time_parser.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/duration_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/format.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/misc/
lib/vlang/vlib/time/misc/misc.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/misc/misc_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/operator.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/operator_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/parse.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/parse.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/parse.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/parse_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/private_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/relative_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/stopwatch.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/stopwatch_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/time.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/time.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/time.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/time_addition_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/time_darwin.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/time_format_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/time_js.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/time_linux.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/time_nix.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/time_solaris.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/time_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/time_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/unix.v
lib/vlang/vlib/time/utc_vs_local_time_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/any.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/ast/
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/ast/ast.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/ast/types.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/ast/walker/
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/ast/walker/walker.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/checker/
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/checker/checker.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/decoder/
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/decoder/decoder.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/input/
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/input/input.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/parser/
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/parser/parser.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/scanner/
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/scanner/scanner.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/scanner/scanner_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/alexcrichton_toml_rs_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/array_of_tables_1_level_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/array_of_tables_2_level_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/array_of_tables_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/array_of_tables_edge_case_1_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/array_of_tables_edge_case_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/burntsushi_toml_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/compact_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/crlf_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/datetime_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/default_to_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/encode_and_decode_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/iarna_toml_spec_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/inline_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/json_encoding_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/json_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/key_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/large_toml_file_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/nested_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/quoted_keys_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/reflect_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/spaced_keys_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/strings_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/table_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/testdata/
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/testdata/.gitignore
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/testdata/array_of_tables_1_level_test.out
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/testdata/array_of_tables_2_level_test.out
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/testdata/array_of_tables_array_test.out
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/testdata/array_of_tables_edge_case_1_test.out
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/testdata/array_of_tables_edge_case_1_test.toml
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/testdata/array_of_tables_edge_case_2_test.out
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/testdata/array_of_tables_edge_case_2_test.toml
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/testdata/json_encoding_test.out
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/testdata/json_encoding_test.toml
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/testdata/json_test.out
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/testdata/json_test.toml
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/testdata/key_test.out
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/testdata/key_test.toml
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/testdata/strings_test.toml
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/testdata/toml_test.out
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/testdata/toml_test.toml
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/testdata/toml_with_utf16_bom.toml
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/testdata/toml_with_utf32_bom.toml
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/testdata/toml_with_utf8_bom.toml
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/toml_bom_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/toml_memory_corruption_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/toml_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/toml_types_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/tests/value_query_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/to/
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/to/to.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/token/
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/token/pos.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/token/token.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/toml.v
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/util/
lib/vlang/vlib/toml/util/util.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/v/TEMPLATES.md
lib/vlang/vlib/v/ast/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/ast/ast.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/ast/attr.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/ast/cflags.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/ast/cflags_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/ast/comptime_const_values.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/ast/comptime_valid_idents.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/ast/embed_file.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/ast/init.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/ast/native.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/ast/scope.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/ast/str.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/ast/table.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/ast/type_size_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/ast/types.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/ast/types_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/ast/walker/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/ast/walker/walker.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/ast/walker/walker_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/builder.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/builder_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/cbuilder/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/cbuilder/cbuilder.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/cbuilder/parallel_cc.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/cc.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/cc_windows.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/cflags.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/compile.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/dump_lists.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/golangbuilder/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/golangbuilder/golangbuilder.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/interpreterbuilder/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/interpreterbuilder/ibuilder.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/interpreterbuilder/v_interpret_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/jsbuilder/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/jsbuilder/jsbuilder.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/msvc.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/msvc_windows.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/nativebuilder/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/nativebuilder/nativebuilder.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/rebuilding.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/wasmbuilder/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/builder/wasmbuilder/wasmbuilder.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/callgraph/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/callgraph/callgraph.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/cflag/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/cflag/cflags.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/assign.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/autocomplete.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/check_types.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/checker.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/comptime.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/containers.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/errors.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/fn.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/for.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/if.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/infix.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/interface.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/lambda_expr.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/match.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/orm.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/postfix.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/return.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/str.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/struct.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/.gitattributes
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/.gitignore
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/a_test_file_with_0_test_fns_test.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/a_test_file_with_0_test_fns_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/add_op_wrong_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/add_op_wrong_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/addr.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/addr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/alias_array_unknown_op_overloading_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/alias_array_unknown_op_overloading_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/alias_map_unknown_op_overloading_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/alias_map_unknown_op_overloading_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/alias_to_option_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/alias_to_option_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/alias_type_cast_option_result_unhandled_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/alias_type_cast_option_result_unhandled_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/alias_type_exists.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/alias_type_exists.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/ambiguous_field_method_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/ambiguous_field_method_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/ambiguous_function_call.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/ambiguous_function_call.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/amod/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/amod/amod.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/anon_arg_redefinition_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/anon_arg_redefinition_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/anon_fn_arg_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/anon_fn_arg_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/anon_fn_without_body.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/anon_fn_without_body.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/anon_struct_assign_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/anon_struct_assign_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/anon_structs_visibility/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/anon_structs_visibility.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/anon_structs_visibility/amod/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/anon_structs_visibility/amod/amod.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/anon_structs_visibility/main.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/any_int_float_ban_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/any_int_float_ban_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/append_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/append_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_append_array_type_mismatch_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_append_array_type_mismatch_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_assign_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_assign_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_builtin_method_args_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_builtin_method_args_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_builtin_redefinition.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_builtin_redefinition.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_cmp_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_cmp_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_contains_args_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_contains_args_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_declare_element_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_declare_element_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_declare_element_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_declare_element_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_declare_element_c.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_declare_element_c.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_delete_imut_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_delete_imut_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_delete_print_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_delete_print_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_element_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_element_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_fancy_sort_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_fancy_sort_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_filter_arg_mismatch_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_filter_arg_mismatch_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_filter_fn_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_filter_fn_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_filter_map_array_expression_as_argument_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_filter_map_array_expression_as_argument_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_filter_map_option_function_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_filter_map_option_function_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_fixed_no_free_method_call_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_fixed_no_free_method_call_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_index.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_index.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_index_args_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_index_args_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_init_element_option_mismatch_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_init_element_option_mismatch_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_init_option_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_init_option_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_init_ptr_non_ptr_elem_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_init_ptr_non_ptr_elem_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_init_with_len_cap_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_init_with_len_cap_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_init_with_void_value_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_init_with_void_value_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_init_without_init_value_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_init_without_init_value_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_insert_prepend_args_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_insert_prepend_args_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_insert_type_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_insert_type_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_literal_modify_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_literal_modify_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_map_arg_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_map_arg_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_map_elements_ref_fields_uninitialized_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_map_elements_ref_fields_uninitialized_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_map_fn_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_map_fn_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_map_void_fn_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_map_void_fn_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_of_generic_struct_init_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_of_generic_struct_init_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_of_refs_mutability.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_of_refs_mutability.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_of_sumtype_append_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_of_sumtype_append_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_or_map_assign_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_or_map_assign_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_plus_assign_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_plus_assign_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_pop_immutable_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_pop_immutable_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_prepend_type_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_prepend_type_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_sort_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_sort_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_sort_struct_no_body_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_sort_struct_no_body_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_sort_with_compare_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_sort_with_compare_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_sort_with_compare_ref_elem_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/array_sort_with_compare_ref_elem_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/arraydecompose_arg2_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/arraydecompose_arg2_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/arraydecompose_arg_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/arraydecompose_arg_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/arrow_op_wrong_left_type_err_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/arrow_op_wrong_left_type_err_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/arrow_op_wrong_left_type_err_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/arrow_op_wrong_left_type_err_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/arrow_op_wrong_right_type_err_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/arrow_op_wrong_right_type_err_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/arrow_op_wrong_right_type_err_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/arrow_op_wrong_right_type_err_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/as_cast_option_result_unhandled_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/as_cast_option_result_unhandled_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/as_cast_selector_expr_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/as_cast_selector_expr_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/asm_immutable_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/asm_immutable_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assert_extra_message.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assert_extra_message.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assert_option_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assert_option_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_anon_struct_to_typed_struct_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_anon_struct_to_typed_struct_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_array_init_to_fixed_array_var.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_array_init_to_fixed_array_var.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_array_init_with_no_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_array_init_with_no_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_blank_none_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_blank_none_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_const_ptr_int_literal_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_const_ptr_int_literal_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_deref_fn_call_on_left_side_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_deref_fn_call_on_left_side_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_enum_at_comptime.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_enum_at_comptime.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_channel_push.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_channel_push.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_type_err_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_type_err_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_type_err_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_type_err_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_type_err_c.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_type_err_c.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_type_err_d.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_type_err_d.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_type_err_e.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_type_err_e.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_type_err_f.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_type_err_f.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_type_err_g.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_type_err_g.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_type_err_h.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_type_err_h.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_type_err_i.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_type_err_i.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_c.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_c.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_d.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_d.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_e.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_e.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_f.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_f.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_g.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_g.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_h.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_h.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_i.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_i.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_j.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_j.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_k.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_k.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_l.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_l.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_m.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_m.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_n.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_undefined_err_n.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_unresolved_variables_err_chain.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_expr_unresolved_variables_err_chain.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_fn_call_on_left_side_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_fn_call_on_left_side_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_generic_fn_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_generic_fn_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_immutable_reference_struct_field_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_immutable_reference_struct_field_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_immutable_reference_var_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_immutable_reference_var_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_immutable_reference_var_with_parenthesis_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_immutable_reference_var_with_parenthesis_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_multi_immutable_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_multi_immutable_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_multi_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_multi_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_mut.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_mut.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_none.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_none.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_sumtype2_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_sumtype2_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_sumtype_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_sumtype_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_to_typeless_variable_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_to_typeless_variable_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_type_mismatch_with_generics_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_type_mismatch_with_generics_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_var_redefinition_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_var_redefinition_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_with_dump_multireturn_value.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/assign_with_dump_multireturn_value.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/auto_deref_assign_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/auto_deref_assign_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/bad_types_in_string_inter_lit.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/bad_types_in_string_inter_lit.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/bin_lit_without_digit_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/bin_lit_without_digit_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/bin_lit_wrong_digit_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/bin_lit_wrong_digit_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/bit_op_wrong_left_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/bit_op_wrong_left_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/bit_op_wrong_right_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/bit_op_wrong_right_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/blank_ident_const_ptr_int_literal_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/blank_ident_const_ptr_int_literal_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/blank_ident_invalid_use.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/blank_ident_invalid_use.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/blank_ident_select_branch_send_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/blank_ident_select_branch_send_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/blank_modify.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/blank_modify.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/bool_string_cast_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/bool_string_cast_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/break_anon_fn_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/break_anon_fn_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/c_fn_surplus_args.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/c_fn_surplus_args.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cannot_assign_array.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cannot_assign_array.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cannot_cast_to_alias.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cannot_cast_to_alias.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cannot_cast_to_struct.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cannot_cast_to_struct.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_array_to_number_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_array_to_number_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_function_to_string_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_function_to_string_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_integer_with_overflow_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_integer_with_overflow_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_string_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_string_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_string_to_char_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_string_to_char_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_string_to_int_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_string_to_int_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_string_to_ptr_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_string_to_ptr_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_string_to_rune_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_string_to_rune_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_string_with_byte_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_string_with_byte_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_sumtype_as_generic_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_sumtype_as_generic_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_sumtype_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_sumtype_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_to_byte_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_to_byte_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_to_interface_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_to_interface_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_to_ref_struct_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_to_ref_struct_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_void.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_void.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_voidptr_to_struct_alias_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_voidptr_to_struct_alias_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_voidptr_to_struct_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cast_voidptr_to_struct_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/casting_numbers_to_enums_outside_unsafe_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/casting_numbers_to_enums_outside_unsafe_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/chan_args.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/chan_args.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/chan_elem_type_unknown.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/chan_elem_type_unknown.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/chan_incompatible_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/chan_incompatible_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/chan_mut.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/chan_mut.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/chan_ref.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/chan_ref.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/char_str.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/char_str.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/check_err_msg_with_generics.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/check_err_msg_with_generics.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/check_fn_init_as_mutable.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/check_fn_init_as_mutable.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/check_incompatible_struct.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/check_incompatible_struct.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/check_wrong_usage_of_break_and_continue.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/check_wrong_usage_of_break_and_continue.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/checker_comparison_between_obj_and_int.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/checker_comparison_between_obj_and_int.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/closure_copy_immutable_var_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/closure_copy_immutable_var_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/closure_immutable.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/closure_immutable.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/closure_undefined_ident_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/closure_undefined_ident_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cmp_between_struct.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/cmp_between_struct.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/compare_unsigned_signed.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/compare_unsigned_signed.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comparing_typesymbol_to_a_type_should_not_compile.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comparing_typesymbol_to_a_type_should_not_compile.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/compile_error.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/compile_error.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_assign_missing_mut_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_assign_missing_mut_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_branching_working_with_a_custom_compile_error.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_branching_working_with_a_custom_compile_error.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_call_method.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_call_method.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_call_method_args_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_call_method_args_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_call_method_void_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_call_method_void_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_call_no_unused_var.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_call_no_unused_var.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_dump_fields_var_test.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_dump_fields_var_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_else_compile_error_no_return.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_else_compile_error_no_return.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_env/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_env/env_parser_errors_1.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_env/env_parser_errors_1.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_env/env_parser_errors_2.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_env/env_parser_errors_2.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_env/env_parser_errors_3.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_env/env_parser_errors_3.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_env/using_comptime_env.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_env/using_comptime_env.var.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_env/using_comptime_env.var_invalid.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_env/using_comptime_env.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_field_selector_not_in_for_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_field_selector_not_in_for_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_field_selector_not_name_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_field_selector_not_name_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_for.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_for.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_if_option_string_test.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_if_option_string_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_insert_err.cc
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_insert_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_insert_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_selector_expr_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/comptime_selector_expr_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_array_unknown_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_array_unknown_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_cycle_decl_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_cycle_decl_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_decl_multi_return_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_decl_multi_return_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_define_in_function_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_define_in_function_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_expr_match_range_invalid_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_expr_match_range_invalid_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_field_add_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_field_add_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_field_dec_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_field_dec_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_field_inc_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_field_inc_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_field_name_duplicate_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_field_name_duplicate_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_field_name_snake_case.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_field_name_snake_case.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_field_sub_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_field_sub_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_int_overflow_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_int_overflow_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_match_invalid_type_range_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_match_invalid_type_range_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_match_mismatch_end_range_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_match_mismatch_end_range_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_match_range_duplicate_case_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_match_range_duplicate_case_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_match_range_invalid_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_match_range_invalid_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_match_type_mismatch_range_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/const_match_type_mismatch_range_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/ctdefine.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/ctdefine.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/custom_comptime_define_error.mysymbol.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/custom_comptime_define_error.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/custom_comptime_define_error.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/custom_comptime_define_if_debug.cg.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/custom_comptime_define_if_debug.debug.bar.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/custom_comptime_define_if_debug.debug.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/custom_comptime_define_if_debug.g.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/custom_comptime_define_if_debug.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/custom_comptime_define_if_debug.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/custom_comptime_define_if_debug.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/custom_comptime_define_if_flag.mydebug.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/custom_comptime_define_if_flag.nodebug.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/custom_comptime_define_if_flag.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/custom_comptime_define_if_flag.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/dec_lit_wrong_digit_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/dec_lit_wrong_digit_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/decompose_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/decompose_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/defer_in_for.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/defer_in_for.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/defer_use_multi_return_value_with_index_out_of_bounds.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/defer_use_multi_return_value_with_index_out_of_bounds.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/defer_use_multi_return_value_without_index.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/defer_use_multi_return_value_without_index.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/defer_use_returned_value_when_nothing_is_returned.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/defer_use_returned_value_when_nothing_is_returned.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/defer_use_returned_value_when_result_is_returned.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/defer_use_returned_value_when_result_is_returned.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/deference_nil_ptr_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/deference_nil_ptr_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/deprecations.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/deprecations.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/deprecations_consts.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/deprecations_consts.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/diff_type_map_value_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/diff_type_map_value_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/direct_map_alias_init_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/direct_map_alias_init_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/disallow_pointer_arithmetic_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/disallow_pointer_arithmetic_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/div_mod_by_cast_zero_int_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/div_mod_by_cast_zero_int_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/div_op_wrong_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/div_op_wrong_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/division_by_cast_zero_float_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/division_by_cast_zero_float_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/division_by_zero_float_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/division_by_zero_float_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/division_by_zero_int_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/division_by_zero_int_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/dump_char.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/dump_char.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/dump_of_void_expr.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/dump_of_void_expr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/duplicate_field_method_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/duplicate_field_method_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/embed_unknown_compress_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/embed_unknown_compress_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_as_int_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_as_int_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_cast.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_cast.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_empty.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_empty.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_error_module.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_error_module.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_field_name_duplicate_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_field_name_duplicate_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_field_overflow.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_field_overflow.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_field_value_duplicate_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_field_value_duplicate_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_field_value_duplicate_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_field_value_duplicate_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_field_value_duplicate_c.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_field_value_duplicate_c.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_field_value_overflow.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_field_value_overflow.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_from_string_args_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_from_string_args_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_init_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_init_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_op_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_op_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_op_flag_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_op_flag_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_single_letter.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/enum_single_letter.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/eq_ne_op_wrong_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/eq_ne_op_wrong_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/error_fn_with_0_args.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/error_fn_with_0_args.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/error_with_comment_with_crlf_ending.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/error_with_comment_with_crlf_ending.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/error_with_comment_with_lf_ending.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/error_with_comment_with_lf_ending.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/error_with_several_comments_with_crlf_ending.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/error_with_several_comments_with_crlf_ending.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/error_with_unicode.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/error_with_unicode.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/expression_should_return_an_option.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/expression_should_return_an_option.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/field_can_not_be_from_the_same_type_as_containing_struct.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/field_can_not_be_from_the_same_type_as_containing_struct.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/field_deprecations.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/field_deprecations.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/filter_func_return_nonbool_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/filter_func_return_nonbool_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/filter_on_non_arr_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/filter_on_non_arr_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fixed_array_conv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fixed_array_conv.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fixed_array_decompose_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fixed_array_decompose_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fixed_array_init_with_default.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fixed_array_init_with_default.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fixed_array_non_const_size_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fixed_array_non_const_size_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fixed_array_size_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fixed_array_size_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/flag_enum_exhaustive_else_branch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/flag_enum_exhaustive_else_branch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/float_lit_exp_not_integer_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/float_lit_exp_not_integer_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/float_lit_exp_without_digit_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/float_lit_exp_without_digit_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/float_lit_too_many_points_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/float_lit_too_many_points_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/float_modulo_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/float_modulo_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_args.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_args.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_array_decompose_arg_mismatch_err_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_array_decompose_arg_mismatch_err_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_array_decompose_arg_mismatch_err_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_array_decompose_arg_mismatch_err_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_array_decompose_arg_mismatch_err_c.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_array_decompose_arg_mismatch_err_c.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_call_arg_array_mismatch_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_call_arg_array_mismatch_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_call_arg_fn_mismatch_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_call_arg_fn_mismatch_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_call_arg_mismatch_err_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_call_arg_mismatch_err_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_call_arg_mismatch_err_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_call_arg_mismatch_err_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_call_arg_mismatch_err_c.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_call_arg_mismatch_err_c.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_call_arg_mismatch_err_d.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_call_arg_mismatch_err_d.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_call_arg_ptr_mismatch_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_call_arg_ptr_mismatch_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_call_no_body.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_call_no_body.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_call_ref_incompatible_u8_test.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_call_ref_incompatible_u8_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_call_using_none_arg_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_call_using_none_arg_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_call_with_extra_parenthesis.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_call_with_extra_parenthesis.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_check_for_matching_option_result_in_fields.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_check_for_matching_option_result_in_fields.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_duplicate.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_duplicate.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_init_sig.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_init_sig.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_mismatch_option_return_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_mismatch_option_return_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_param_import_sym_conflict.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_param_import_sym_conflict.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_ref_arg_mismatch_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_ref_arg_mismatch_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_return_array_sort_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_return_array_sort_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_return_fn_type_mismatch_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_return_fn_type_mismatch_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_return_or_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_return_or_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_return_type_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_return_type_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_return_unsign_type_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_return_unsign_type_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_selector_expr_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_selector_expr_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_type_exists.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_type_exists.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_type_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_type_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_var.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_var.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_variadic.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_variadic.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_variadic_arg_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/fn_variadic_arg_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_c_stmt_with_var_declaration_in_post_stmt.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_c_stmt_with_var_declaration_in_post_stmt.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_comptime_enum_fields_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_comptime_enum_fields_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_comptime_struct_values_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_comptime_struct_values_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_index_option.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_index_option.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_index_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_index_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_invalid_identifier.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_invalid_identifier.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_iterator_returning_multiple_values_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_iterator_returning_multiple_values_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_key_redefinition.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_key_redefinition.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_map_one_variable_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_map_one_variable_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_mut_string.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_mut_string.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_mut_val_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_mut_val_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_range_not_match_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_range_not_match_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_range_result_optional_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_range_result_optional_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_range_string_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_range_string_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_value_redefinition.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_value_redefinition.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_with_reserved_type_names.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_in_with_reserved_type_names.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_loop_range_inclusive_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_loop_range_inclusive_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_match_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/for_match_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/free_method_errors.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/free_method_errors.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/func_with_static_keyword_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/func_with_static_keyword_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/function_arg_mutable_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/function_arg_mutable_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/function_arg_redefinition.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/function_arg_redefinition.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/function_cast_outside_unsafe_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/function_cast_outside_unsafe_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/function_count_of_args_mismatch_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/function_count_of_args_mismatch_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/function_missing_return_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/function_missing_return_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/function_variadic_arg_array_decompose.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/function_variadic_arg_array_decompose.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/function_wrong_arg_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/function_wrong_arg_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/function_wrong_return_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/function_wrong_return_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_closure_fn_decl_err_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_closure_fn_decl_err_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_closure_fn_decl_err_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_closure_fn_decl_err_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_eq_wrong_type.err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_eq_wrong_type.err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_fn_call_arg_mismatch_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_fn_call_arg_mismatch_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_fn_decl_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_fn_decl_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_fn_decl_without_generic_names_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_fn_decl_without_generic_names_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_fn_infinite_loop_limit_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_fn_infinite_loop_limit_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_infix_plus_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_infix_plus_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_interface_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_interface_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_interface_method_decl_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_interface_method_decl_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_interface_missing_type_names_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_interface_missing_type_names_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_mut_struct_index_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_mut_struct_index_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_sumtype_decl_err_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_sumtype_decl_err_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_sumtype_decl_err_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_sumtype_decl_err_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_sumtype_decl_err_c.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_sumtype_decl_err_c.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_sumtype_decl_err_d.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_sumtype_decl_err_d.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_sumtype_decl_err_e.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_sumtype_decl_err_e.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_sumtype_invalid_variant.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_sumtype_invalid_variant.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_type_inference.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_type_inference.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_type_name_in_non_generic_function.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generic_type_name_in_non_generic_function.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_fn_arg_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_fn_arg_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_fn_arguments_count_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_fn_arguments_count_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_fn_called_arg_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_fn_called_arg_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_fn_called_fntype_arg_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_fn_called_fntype_arg_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_fn_called_multi_args_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_fn_called_multi_args_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_fn_called_no_arg_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_fn_called_no_arg_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_fn_called_outside_of_generic_fn.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_fn_called_outside_of_generic_fn.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_fn_called_variadic_arg_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_fn_called_variadic_arg_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_fn_return_generic_struct_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_fn_return_generic_struct_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_inst_non_generic_struct_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_inst_non_generic_struct_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_interface_decl_no_mention_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_interface_decl_no_mention_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_interface_declaration_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_interface_declaration_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_interface_field_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_interface_field_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_method_arg_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_method_arg_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_method_called_arg_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_method_called_arg_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_method_called_variadic_arg_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_method_called_variadic_arg_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_method_receiver_type_err_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_method_receiver_type_err_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_method_receiver_type_err_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_method_receiver_type_err_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_method_sumtype_arg_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_method_sumtype_arg_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_non_generic_fn_called_like_a_generic_one.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_non_generic_fn_called_like_a_generic_one.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_non_generic_struct_used_like_a_generic_one.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_non_generic_struct_used_like_a_generic_one.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_struct_decl_no_mention_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_struct_decl_no_mention_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_struct_declaration_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_struct_declaration_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_struct_field_fn_args_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_struct_field_fn_args_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_struct_field_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_struct_field_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_struct_in_non_generic_fn_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_struct_in_non_generic_fn_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_struct_infer_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_struct_infer_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_struct_init_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_struct_init_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_struct_init_type_parameter_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_struct_init_type_parameter_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_struct_nokeys_init_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_struct_nokeys_init_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_struct_type_mismatch_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_struct_type_mismatch_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_too_many_parameters.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_too_many_parameters.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_type_ambiguous.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_type_ambiguous.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_undefined_operation.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_undefined_operation.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_undefined_operation_2.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/generics_undefined_operation_2.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals/assign_global_to_shared_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals/assign_global_to_shared_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals/assign_no_value.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals/assign_no_value.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals/closure_capture_global_var.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals/closure_capture_global_var.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals/global_anon_fn_without_body.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals/global_anon_fn_without_body.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals/incorrect_name_global.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals/incorrect_name_global.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals/name_conflict_with_const.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals/name_conflict_with_const.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals/no_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals/no_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals/redefine_main.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals/redefine_main.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals/unexpected_eof.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals/unexpected_eof.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals/unknown_typ.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals/unknown_typ.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals_error.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals_error.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals_error.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals_run/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals_run/function_stored_in_global.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals_run/function_stored_in_global.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals_run/global_array_indexed_by_global_fn.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals_run/global_array_indexed_by_global_fn.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals_run/global_fixed_array_initialisation.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals_run/global_fixed_array_initialisation.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals_run/global_nested_struct_test.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals_run/global_nested_struct_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals_run/global_var_in_anon_fn.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/globals_run/global_var_in_anon_fn.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/go_append_option_to_threads_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/go_append_option_to_threads_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/go_expr.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/go_expr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/go_mut_arg.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/go_mut_arg.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/go_mut_receiver.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/go_mut_receiver.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/go_wait_or.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/go_wait_or.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/goto_label.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/goto_label.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/hex_lit_without_digit_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/hex_lit_without_digit_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/hex_lit_wrong_digit_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/hex_lit_wrong_digit_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/hex_literal_overflow.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/hex_literal_overflow.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/ierror_in_return_tuple.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/ierror_in_return_tuple.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_diff_expected_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_diff_expected_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_expr_last_stmt.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_expr_last_stmt.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_expr_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_expr_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_expr_no_else.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_expr_no_else.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_expr_option_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_expr_option_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_expr_result_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_expr_result_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_guard_expr_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_guard_expr_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_guard_variables_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_guard_variables_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_match_expr_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_match_expr_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_match_result.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_match_result.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_mismatch_option_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_mismatch_option_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_mut_with_immutable_var_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_mut_with_immutable_var_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_non_bool_cond.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_non_bool_cond.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_smartcast_mut_var_interface_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/if_smartcast_mut_var_interface_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_arg.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_arg.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_array_field_assign.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_array_field_assign.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_array_field_shift.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_array_field_shift.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_array_struct_assign.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_array_struct_assign.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_array_struct_shift.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_array_struct_shift.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_array_var.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_array_var.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_builtin_modify.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_builtin_modify.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_deref.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_deref.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_field.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_field.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_field_postfix.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_field_postfix.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_interface_field.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_interface_field.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_map.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_map.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_rec.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_rec.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_struct_postfix.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_struct_postfix.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_var.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_var.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_var_postfix.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/immutable_var_postfix.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_duplicate_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_duplicate_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_middle_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_middle_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_mod_as_duplicate_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_mod_as_duplicate_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_mod_as_import_alias_duplicate_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_mod_as_import_alias_duplicate_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_mod_as_import_duplicate_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_mod_as_import_duplicate_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_mod_as_mod_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_mod_as_mod_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_mod_duplicate_as_alias_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_mod_duplicate_as_alias_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_mod_duplicate_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_mod_duplicate_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_mod_sub_as_duplicate_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_mod_sub_as_duplicate_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_mod_sub_as_sub_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_mod_sub_as_sub_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_mod_sub_duplicate_as_mod.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_mod_sub_duplicate_as_mod.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_mod_sub_duplicate_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_mod_sub_duplicate_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_multiple_modules_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_multiple_modules_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_not_found_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_not_found_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_not_same_line_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_not_same_line_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_sym_builtin_override_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_sym_builtin_override_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_symbol_empty.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_symbol_empty.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_symbol_fn_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_symbol_fn_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_symbol_invalid.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_symbol_invalid.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_symbol_private_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_symbol_private_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_symbol_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_symbol_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_symbol_unclosed.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_symbol_unclosed.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_syntax_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_syntax_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_unused_warning.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/import_unused_warning.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/in_mismatch_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/in_mismatch_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/inc_dec_fun_call.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/inc_dec_fun_call.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/inc_num_literal.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/inc_num_literal.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/inc_ok.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/inc_ok.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/inc_paren_expr.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/inc_paren_expr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_for_in_name_variable.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_for_in_name_variable.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_alias_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_alias_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_const.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_const.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_enum.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_enum.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_enum_field.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_enum_field.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_fn_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_fn_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_function.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_function.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_interface.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_interface.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_interface_method.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_interface_method.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_module.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_module.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_struct.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_struct.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_struct_field.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_struct_field.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_sum_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_sum_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_variable.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_name_variable.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_smartcast2_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_smartcast2_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_smartcast3_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_smartcast3_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_smartcast_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/incorrect_smartcast_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/index_expr.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/index_expr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/index_invalid_call.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/index_invalid_call.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/index_of_option_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/index_of_option_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/index_sumtype_interface_struct_params_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/index_sumtype_interface_struct_params_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/infix_and_op_expr_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/infix_and_op_expr_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/infix_compare_option_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/infix_compare_option_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/infix_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/infix_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/infix_is_notis_interface_unimplemented_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/infix_is_notis_interface_unimplemented_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/infix_sumtype_in_array_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/infix_sumtype_in_array_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/inner_functions_call_before_define.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/inner_functions_call_before_define.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/int_modulo_by_zero_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/int_modulo_by_zero_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/int_ptr_array_index_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/int_ptr_array_index_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/int_signess_call_arg_test.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/int_signess_call_arg_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/interface_field_name_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/interface_field_name_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/interface_generic_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/interface_generic_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/interface_implementing_interface.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/interface_implementing_interface.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/interface_implementing_own_interface_method.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/interface_implementing_own_interface_method.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/interface_init_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/interface_init_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/interface_method_name_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/interface_method_name_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/interface_option_cast_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/interface_option_cast_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/interface_return_parameter_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/interface_return_parameter_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/interface_sameness_check_for_mutable_methods.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/interface_sameness_check_for_mutable_methods.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/interface_too_many_embedding_levels.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/interface_too_many_embedding_levels.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/interpolation_recursive_str_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/interpolation_recursive_str_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_alias_ptr_cast_on_map_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_alias_ptr_cast_on_map_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_char_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_char_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_comptime_test.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_comptime_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_const_expr_match_range_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_const_expr_match_range_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_insert_references_test.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_insert_references_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_literal_assign_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_literal_assign_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_mismatch_for_range_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_mismatch_for_range_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_multi_return_operations_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_multi_return_operations_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_mut.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_mut.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_nilref_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_nilref_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_none_operations_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_none_operations_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_parameter_name_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_parameter_name_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_prefix_left_side_assign_stmt_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_prefix_left_side_assign_stmt_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_property.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_property.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_recursive_struct_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_recursive_struct_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_string_cast_to_pointers_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_string_cast_to_pointers_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_variable_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_variable_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_variable_name_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_variable_name_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_vweb_param_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invalid_vweb_param_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invert_other_types_bits_error.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/invert_other_types_bits_error.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/is_type_invalid.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/is_type_invalid.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/is_type_not_exist.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/is_type_not_exist.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/js_with_non_js_backend_too_many_arguments.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/js_with_non_js_backend_too_many_arguments.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/json_decode.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/json_decode.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/json_decode_shared_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/json_decode_shared_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/labelled_break_continue.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/labelled_break_continue.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/lambda_expression_in_map.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/lambda_expression_in_map.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/lambda_expression_invalid.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/lambda_expression_invalid.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/lambda_undefined_variables_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/lambda_undefined_variables_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/like_operator_outside_orm_error.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/like_operator_outside_orm_error.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/like_operator_with_non_string_type_error.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/like_operator_with_non_string_type_error.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/lock_already_locked.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/lock_already_locked.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/lock_already_rlocked.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/lock_already_rlocked.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/lock_const.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/lock_const.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/lock_needed.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/lock_needed.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/lock_nonshared.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/lock_nonshared.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/main_args_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/main_args_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/main_called_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/main_called_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/main_no_body_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/main_no_body_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/main_return_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/main_return_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_builtin_method_args_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_builtin_method_args_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_delete.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_delete.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_func_return_multiple_values_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_func_return_multiple_values_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_func_void_return_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_func_void_return_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_index_or_block_type_mismatch_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_index_or_block_type_mismatch_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_index_reference_value.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_index_reference_value.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_init_invalid_syntax.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_init_invalid_syntax.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_init_invalid_update.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_init_invalid_update.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_init_key_duplicate_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_init_key_duplicate_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_init_wrong_expected_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_init_wrong_expected_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_init_wrong_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_init_wrong_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_init_wrong_update_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_init_wrong_update_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_lambda_void_return_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_lambda_void_return_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_of_generic_struct_init_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_of_generic_struct_init_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_ops.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_ops.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_unknown_value.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_unknown_value.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_with_none_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_with_none_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_with_result_value_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/map_with_result_value_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_alias_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_alias_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_branch_call_expr_arg_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_branch_call_expr_arg_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_cast_cond_not_same_range_cast_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_cast_cond_not_same_range_cast_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_cond_with_parenthesis_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_cond_with_parenthesis_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_duplicate_branch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_duplicate_branch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_else_last_expr.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_else_last_expr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_enum_ref.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_enum_ref.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_expr_and_expected_type_error.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_expr_and_expected_type_error.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_expr_else.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_expr_else.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_expr_empty_branch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_expr_empty_branch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_expr_range_low_higher_than_high.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_expr_range_low_higher_than_high.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_incorrect_cast_branch_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_incorrect_cast_branch_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_invalid_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_invalid_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_last_branch_only_casted.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_last_branch_only_casted.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_mut_with_immutable_var_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_mut_with_immutable_var_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_no_branch_cast_rest_casted_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_no_branch_cast_rest_casted_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_range_mismatch_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_range_mismatch_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_ranges_not_same_cast_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_ranges_not_same_cast_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_return_mismatch_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_return_mismatch_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_return_sumtype_mismatch_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_return_sumtype_mismatch_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_sumtype_multiple_types.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_sumtype_multiple_types.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_type_node_with_non_sum_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_type_node_with_non_sum_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_undefined_cond.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/match_undefined_cond.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/method_array_slice.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/method_array_slice.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/method_call_arg_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/method_call_arg_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/method_call_arg_no_mut_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/method_call_arg_no_mut_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/method_call_with_empty_struct_init.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/method_call_with_empty_struct_init.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/method_generic_infer_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/method_generic_infer_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/method_op_alias_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/method_op_alias_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/method_op_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/method_op_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/method_wrong_arg_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/method_wrong_arg_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/minus_op_wrong_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/minus_op_wrong_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mismatched_ptr_op_ptr.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mismatched_ptr_op_ptr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/missing_c_lib_header_1.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/missing_c_lib_header_1.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/missing_c_lib_header_with_explanation_2.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/missing_c_lib_header_with_explanation_2.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/missing_export_attr_arg_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/missing_export_attr_arg_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/misspelled_mod_const_should_have_suggestion.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/misspelled_mod_const_should_have_suggestion.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/misspelled_mod_fn_name_should_have_suggestion.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/misspelled_mod_fn_name_should_have_suggestion.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mod_name_duplicate_const_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mod_name_duplicate_const_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mod_name_duplicate_param_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mod_name_duplicate_param_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mod_name_duplicate_var_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mod_name_duplicate_var_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mod_op_wrong_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mod_op_wrong_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/module_not_at_same_line_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/module_not_at_same_line_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/module_with_deprecated_structs/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/module_with_deprecated_structs/module.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/deprecated_module/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/deprecated_module.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/deprecated_module/bbb/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/deprecated_module/bbb/ccc/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/deprecated_module/bbb/ccc/ccc.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/deprecated_module/main.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/deprecated_module/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/deprecated_module/www/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/deprecated_module/www/ttt/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/deprecated_module/www/ttt/ttt.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/deprecated_module/xxx/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/deprecated_module/xxx/yyy/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/deprecated_module/xxx/yyy/yyy.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/enum_from_string_in_different_mods/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/enum_from_string_in_different_mods.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/enum_from_string_in_different_mods/src/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/enum_from_string_in_different_mods/src/main.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/enum_from_string_in_different_mods/src/mod.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/enum_from_string_in_different_mods/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/implement_private_interface/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/implement_private_interface.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/implement_private_interface/baz.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/implement_private_interface/main.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/module_alias_started_with_underscore/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/module_alias_started_with_underscore.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/module_alias_started_with_underscore/main.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/module_alias_started_with_underscore/underscore.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/module_struct_noinit/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/module_struct_noinit.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/module_struct_noinit/src/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/module_struct_noinit/src/main.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/module_struct_noinit/src/mod.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/module_with_redeclaration/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/module_with_redeclaration.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/module_with_redeclaration/redeclare_time_structs.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/module_with_redeclaration/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/overload_return_type/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/overload_return_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/overload_return_type/main.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/modules/overload_return_type/point.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mul_op_wrong_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mul_op_wrong_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/multi_const_field_name_duplicate_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/multi_const_field_name_duplicate_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/multi_names_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/multi_names_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/multi_return_use_void_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/multi_return_use_void_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/multi_value_method_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/multi_value_method_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/multiple_pointer_yield_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/multiple_pointer_yield_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/multireturn_mix_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/multireturn_mix_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mut_arg.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mut_arg.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mut_args_warning.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mut_args_warning.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mut_array_get_element_address_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mut_array_get_element_address_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mut_assign_ref.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mut_assign_ref.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mut_int.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mut_int.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mut_interface_param_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mut_interface_param_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mut_map_get_value_address_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mut_map_get_value_address_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mut_receiver.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mut_receiver.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mut_receiver_lit.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mut_receiver_lit.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mut_receiver_wrong_return_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/mut_receiver_wrong_return_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/negative_assign_to_unsigned.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/negative_assign_to_unsigned.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/nested_aliases.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/nested_aliases.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/nested_fn_alias_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/nested_fn_alias_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/nested_struct_with_required_attr_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/nested_struct_with_required_attr_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/nil.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/nil.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/nil_to_option_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/nil_to_option_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_arrays_of_references_in_translated.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_arrays_of_references_in_translated.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_assign_0_to_a_reference_field_notice_in_translated.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_assign_0_to_a_reference_field_notice_in_translated.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_cannot_cast_a_fixed_array_in_translated.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_cannot_cast_a_fixed_array_in_translated.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_function_must_be_called_from_unsafe_in_translated.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_function_must_be_called_from_unsafe_in_translated.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_goto_requires_unsafe_in_translated.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_goto_requires_unsafe_in_translated.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_heap_struct.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_heap_struct.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_interface_instantiation_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_interface_instantiation_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_interface_instantiation_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_interface_instantiation_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_interface_instantiation_c.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_interface_instantiation_c.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_interface_str.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_interface_str.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_main_mod.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_main_mod.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_main_println_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_main_println_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_method_must_be_called_from_unsafe_in_translated.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_method_must_be_called_from_unsafe_in_translated.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_method_on_interface_propagation.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_method_on_interface_propagation.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_operator_can_only_be_used_as_a_statement_in_translated.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_operator_can_only_be_used_as_a_statement_in_translated.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_pointer_arithmetic_is_only_allowed_in_translated.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_pointer_arithmetic_is_only_allowed_in_translated.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_pub_in_main.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_reading_a_union_field_in_translated.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_reading_a_union_field_in_translated.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_sign_notice_in_translated.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_sign_notice_in_translated.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_uninitialized_fn_struct_field_notice_in_translated.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_uninitialized_fn_struct_field_notice_in_translated.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_unused_variable_in_translated.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_unused_variable_in_translated.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_warning_for_in_mut_var_unused.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/no_warning_for_in_mut_var_unused.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/non_const_match_range_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/non_const_match_range_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/non_lvalue_as_voidptr.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/non_lvalue_as_voidptr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/non_matching_functional_args.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/non_matching_functional_args.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/non_optional_array_append_optional_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/non_optional_array_append_optional_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/none_match_cond_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/none_match_cond_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/none_type_cast_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/none_type_cast_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/noreturn_with_non_empty_loop_at_end.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/noreturn_with_non_empty_loop_at_end.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/noreturn_with_return.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/noreturn_with_return.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/noreturn_without_loop_or_another_noreturn_at_end.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/noreturn_without_loop_or_another_noreturn_at_end.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/oct_lit_without_digit_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/oct_lit_without_digit_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/oct_lit_wrong_digit_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/oct_lit_wrong_digit_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/operator_overloading_return_type_option_or_result.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/operator_overloading_return_type_option_or_result.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_concrete_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_concrete_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_fields_addr_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_fields_addr_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_fn_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_fn_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_fn_field_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_fn_field_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_fn_return_error.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_fn_return_error.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_in_println_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_in_println_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_in_receiver_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_in_receiver_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_interface_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_interface_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_or_block_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_or_block_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_or_block_returns_value_of_incompatible_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_or_block_returns_value_of_incompatible_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_propagate_nested.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_propagate_nested.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_ptr_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_ptr_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_ptr_without_unwrapp_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_ptr_without_unwrapp_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_ref_init_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_ref_init_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_return_call_non_opt_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_return_call_non_opt_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_return_selector_non_opt_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_return_selector_non_opt_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_selector_or_block_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_selector_or_block_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_type_call_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_type_call_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_var_assign_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_var_assign_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_var_unwrap_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_var_unwrap_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_with_match_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_with_match_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_wrapped_cmp_op_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/option_wrapped_cmp_op_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/or_block_check_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/or_block_check_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/or_block_non_option_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/or_block_non_option_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/or_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/or_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_db_expr_option_error.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_db_expr_option_error.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_empty_struct.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_empty_struct.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_fkey_attribute.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_fkey_attribute.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_fkey_has_pkey.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_fkey_has_pkey.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_fn_call_with_wrong_return_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_fn_call_with_wrong_return_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_insert_object_with_mismatched_type_error.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_insert_object_with_mismatched_type_error.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_invalid_recursive_structs_err_1.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_invalid_recursive_structs_err_1.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_invalid_recursive_structs_err_2.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_invalid_recursive_structs_err_2.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_left_side_expr_in_infix_expr_has_no_struct_field_error.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_left_side_expr_in_infix_expr_has_no_struct_field_error.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_limit_less_than_zero_error.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_limit_less_than_zero_error.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_multidim_array.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_multidim_array.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_multiple_pkeys.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_multiple_pkeys.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_no_default_value.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_no_default_value.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_not_a_struct.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_not_a_struct.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_op_with_option_and_none.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_op_with_option_and_none.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_table_attributes.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_table_attributes.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_using_non_struct_field_in_order_by_error.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_using_non_struct_field_in_order_by_error.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_using_undefined_object_in_insert_error.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_using_undefined_object_in_insert_error.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_using_undefined_var_in_where_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_using_undefined_var_in_where_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_where_clause_unsupported_field_types_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_where_clause_unsupported_field_types_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_wrong_where_expr_error.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/orm_wrong_where_expr_error.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/os_prefix.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/os_prefix.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/overflow_int_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/overflow_int_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/overload_operator_difference_in_operand_types.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/overload_operator_difference_in_operand_types.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/overload_return_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/overload_return_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/oversized_int_lit.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/oversized_int_lit.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/par_expr_assign_void_right_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/par_expr_assign_void_right_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/par_expr_decl_assign_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/par_expr_decl_assign_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/pass_mut_lit.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/pass_mut_lit.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/passing_expr_to_fn_expecting_voidptr.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/passing_expr_to_fn_expecting_voidptr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/pointer_ops.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/pointer_ops.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/prefix_addr_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/prefix_addr_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/prefix_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/prefix_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/prefix_expr_decl_assign_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/prefix_expr_decl_assign_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/print_char.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/print_char.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/println_can_not_print_void_expressions.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/println_can_not_print_void_expressions.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/propagate_option_with_result_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/propagate_option_with_result_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/propagate_result_with_option.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/propagate_result_with_option.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/ptr_assign.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/ptr_assign.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/ptr_slice.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/ptr_slice.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/receiver_unknown_type_single_letter.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/receiver_unknown_type_single_letter.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/recursive_alias_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/recursive_alias_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/recursive_interface_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/recursive_interface_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/redefining_builtin_pub_functions.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/redefining_builtin_pub_functions.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/redundant_parentheses_warning.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/redundant_parentheses_warning.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/reference_field_must_be_initialized.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/reference_field_must_be_initialized.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/reference_return.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/reference_return.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/require_or_block_sumtype_map.err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/require_or_block_sumtype_map.err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/res_use_outside_defer.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/res_use_outside_defer.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/reserved_type_name_const_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/reserved_type_name_const_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/result_alias_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/result_alias_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/result_call_inside_infix_expr_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/result_call_inside_infix_expr_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/result_missing_propagate_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/result_missing_propagate_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/result_type_call_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/result_type_call_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_aliases_of_fixed_array.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_count_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_count_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_duplicate_with_none_err_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_duplicate_with_none_err_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_duplicate_with_none_err_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_duplicate_with_none_err_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_match_expr_type_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_match_expr_type_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_missing_comp_if.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_missing_comp_if.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_missing_comp_if_nested.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_missing_comp_if_nested.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_missing_if_else_simple.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_missing_if_else_simple.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_missing_if_match.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_missing_if_match.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_missing_match_if.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_missing_match_if.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_missing_match_simple.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_missing_match_simple.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_missing_nested.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_missing_nested.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_missing_simple.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_missing_simple.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_option_of_multiple_results.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_option_of_multiple_results.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_ref_as_no_ref_bug.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_ref_as_no_ref_bug.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_result_fn_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_result_fn_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_result_type_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_result_type_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_void_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_void_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_working_comp_if.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_working_comp_if.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_working_comp_if_nested.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_working_comp_if_nested.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_working_if_match.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_working_if_match.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_working_match_if.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_working_match_if.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_working_nested.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_working_nested.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_working_simple.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_working_simple.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_working_two_if.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_working_two_if.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_working_unsafe.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/return_working_unsafe.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/returns/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/returns/return_missing_simple.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/right_hand_side_mut.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/right_hand_side_mut.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/rshift_op_wrong_left_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/rshift_op_wrong_left_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/rshift_op_wrong_right_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/rshift_op_wrong_right_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/run/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/run/comptime_ident_in_typearray.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/run/comptime_ident_in_typearray.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/run/comptime_ident_is_type.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/run/comptime_ident_is_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/run/noreturn_fn_can_be_used_instead_of_panic.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/run/noreturn_fn_can_be_used_instead_of_panic.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/run/noreturn_method_can_be_used_instead_of_panic.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/run/noreturn_method_can_be_used_instead_of_panic.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/run/unused_variable_warning.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/run/unused_variable_warning.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/selective_const_import.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/selective_const_import.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/selector_expr_assign.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/selector_expr_assign.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/selector_expr_option_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/selector_expr_option_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/shared_bad_args.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/shared_bad_args.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/shared_element_lock.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/shared_element_lock.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/shared_lock.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/shared_lock.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/shared_param_assign_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/shared_param_assign_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/shared_param_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/shared_param_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/shared_type_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/shared_type_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/shift_op_wrong_left_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/shift_op_wrong_left_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/shift_op_wrong_right_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/shift_op_wrong_right_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/shift_ops_expressions.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/shift_ops_expressions.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/short_struct_wrong_number.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/short_struct_wrong_number.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sizeof.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sizeof.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/slice_clone_in_struct_init_notice.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/slice_clone_in_struct_init_notice.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/slice_clone_notice.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/slice_clone_notice.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/slice_reassignment.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/slice_reassignment.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sort_method_called_on_immutable_receiver.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sort_method_called_on_immutable_receiver.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/static_maps_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/static_maps_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/static_method_multi_return_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/static_method_multi_return_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/static_method_not_found_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/static_method_not_found_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/static_vars_in_translated_mode.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/static_vars_in_translated_mode.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/store_string_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/store_string_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/str_interpol_invalid_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/str_interpol_invalid_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/str_method_0_arguments.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/str_method_0_arguments.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/str_method_return_string.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/str_method_return_string.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/string_escape_u16_err_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/string_escape_u16_err_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/string_escape_u16_err_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/string_escape_u16_err_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/string_escape_u32_err_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/string_escape_u32_err_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/string_escape_u32_err_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/string_escape_u32_err_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/string_escape_x_err_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/string_escape_x_err_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/string_escape_x_err_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/string_escape_x_err_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/string_index_assign_error.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/string_index_assign_error.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/string_index_non_int_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/string_index_non_int_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/string_interpolation_invalid_fmt.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/string_interpolation_invalid_fmt.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/string_interpolation_wrong_fmt.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/string_interpolation_wrong_fmt.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/string_to_enum_cast_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/string_to_enum_cast_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_assigned_to_pointer_to_struct.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_assigned_to_pointer_to_struct.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_cast_to_struct_generic_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_cast_to_struct_generic_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_cast_to_struct_mut_err_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_cast_to_struct_mut_err_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_cast_to_struct_mut_err_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_cast_to_struct_mut_err_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_cast_to_struct_pub_err_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_cast_to_struct_pub_err_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_cast_to_struct_pub_err_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_cast_to_struct_pub_err_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_embed_invalid_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_embed_invalid_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_embed_required_field_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_embed_required_field_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_assign_internal_types_nil_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_assign_internal_types_nil_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_generic_struct_unknown_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_generic_struct_unknown_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_init_and_default_is_map_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_init_and_default_is_map_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_init_fntype_mismatch.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_init_fntype_mismatch.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_init_option_ref_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_init_option_ref_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_init_with_nobody_anon_fn_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_init_with_nobody_anon_fn_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_init_with_result_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_init_with_result_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_init_with_void_expr_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_init_with_void_expr_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_map_address_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_map_address_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_name_duplicate_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_name_duplicate_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_name_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_name_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_option_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_option_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_reference_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_reference_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_unsign_type_check_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_unsign_type_check_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_with_any_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_with_any_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_with_default_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_field_with_default_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_fixed_array_init_test.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_fixed_array_init_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_init_deprecations.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_init_deprecations.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_init_field_result_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_init_field_result_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_init_update_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_init_update_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_init_with_iface_embed_iface_with_incorrect_method_impl_ref_field_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_init_with_iface_embed_iface_with_incorrect_method_impl_ref_field_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_init_wrong_warn.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_init_wrong_warn.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_match_same_type_node.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_match_same_type_node.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_multi_return_field_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_multi_return_field_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_multiple_attrs_test.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_multiple_attrs_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_non_ptr_field_nil_default_value_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_non_ptr_field_nil_default_value_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_none_field_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_none_field_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_option_field_assign_ptr_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_option_field_assign_ptr_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_ptr_cast_int_outside_unsafe_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_ptr_cast_int_outside_unsafe_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_ptr_cast_zero_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_ptr_cast_zero_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_pub_field.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_pub_field.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_ref_fields_init_0_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_ref_fields_init_0_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_ref_fields_uninitialized_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_ref_fields_uninitialized_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_required_field.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_required_field.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_required_fn_field.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_required_fn_field.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_type_cast_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_type_cast_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_unknown_field.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_unknown_field.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_unneeded_default.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_unneeded_default.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_update_comptime_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_update_comptime_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_voidptr_field_init_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_voidptr_field_init_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_voidptr_field_no_ptr_struct_value_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/struct_voidptr_field_no_ptr_struct_value_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sum.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sum.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sum_type_assign_non_variant_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sum_type_assign_non_variant_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sum_type_common_fields_alias_error.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sum_type_common_fields_alias_error.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sum_type_common_fields_error.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sum_type_common_fields_error.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sum_type_exists.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sum_type_exists.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sum_type_holding_alias_ptr_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sum_type_holding_alias_ptr_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sum_type_infix_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sum_type_infix_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sum_type_multiple_type_define.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sum_type_multiple_type_define.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sum_type_mutable_cast_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sum_type_mutable_cast_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sum_type_ref_variant_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sum_type_ref_variant_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sumtype_as_mismatched_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sumtype_as_mismatched_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sumtype_define_recursively.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sumtype_define_recursively.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sumtype_has_no_variant_suggestion.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sumtype_has_no_variant_suggestion.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sumtype_in_sumtype_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sumtype_in_sumtype_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sumtype_in_unknown_types_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sumtype_in_unknown_types_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sumtype_mismatch_of_aggregate_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sumtype_mismatch_of_aggregate_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sumtype_mismatched_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sumtype_mismatched_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sumtype_of_fntype_assign_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sumtype_of_fntype_assign_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sync_receiver_decl.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/sync_receiver_decl.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/template_type_mismatch_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/template_type_mismatch_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/templates/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/templates/index.html
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/templates/template.md
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/test_functions_wrong_signature_test.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/test_functions_wrong_signature_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/thread_as_var_name_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/thread_as_var_name_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/top_level_fn_builtin_decl_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/top_level_fn_builtin_decl_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/trailing_comma_struct_attr.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/trailing_comma_struct_attr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/type_alias_none_parent_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/type_alias_none_parent_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/type_alias_struct_generic_unknown_name_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/type_alias_struct_generic_unknown_name_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/type_cast_option_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/type_cast_option_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/typedef_attr_v_struct_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/typedef_attr_v_struct_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/uncasted_enum_val_as_size_for_fixed_array_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/uncasted_enum_val_as_size_for_fixed_array_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/undefined_ident_in_if_guard_err_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/undefined_ident_in_if_guard_err_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/undefined_ident_in_if_guard_err_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/undefined_ident_in_if_guard_err_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/undefined_ident_in_ref_selector.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/undefined_ident_in_ref_selector.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/undefined_ident_of_struct.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/undefined_ident_of_struct.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/undefined_type_on_sumtype.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/undefined_type_on_sumtype.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/undefined_var_in_comptime_for_test.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/undefined_var_in_comptime_for_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unexpected_or.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unexpected_or.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unexpected_or_propagate.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unexpected_or_propagate.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unfinished_string.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unfinished_string.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unimplemented_interface_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unimplemented_interface_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unimplemented_interface_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unimplemented_interface_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unimplemented_interface_c.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unimplemented_interface_c.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unimplemented_interface_d.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unimplemented_interface_d.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unimplemented_interface_e.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unimplemented_interface_e.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unimplemented_interface_f.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unimplemented_interface_f.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unimplemented_interface_g.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unimplemented_interface_g.vv.disabled
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unimplemented_interface_h.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unimplemented_interface_h.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unimplemented_interface_i.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unimplemented_interface_i.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unimplemented_interface_j.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unimplemented_interface_j.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/union_unsafe_fields.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/union_unsafe_fields.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_array_element_type_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_array_element_type_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_array_fn_type_in_struct_field.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_array_fn_type_in_struct_field.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_as_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_as_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_comptime_expr.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_comptime_expr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_field.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_field.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_field_in_struct_literal.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_field_in_struct_literal.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_function.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_function.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_generic_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_generic_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_method.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_method.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_method_suggest_name.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_method_suggest_name.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_sizeof_type_err_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_sizeof_type_err_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_sizeof_type_err_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_sizeof_type_err_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_struct_field_suggest_name.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_struct_field_suggest_name.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_struct_name.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_struct_name.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_type_in_anon_fn.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_type_in_anon_fn.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_var_assign.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unknown_var_assign.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unnecessary_parenthesis.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unnecessary_parenthesis.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unnecessary_parenthesis_of_reference.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unnecessary_parenthesis_of_reference.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unreachable_code.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unreachable_code.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unsafe_assign_none_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unsafe_assign_none_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unsafe_c_calls_should_be_checked.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unsafe_c_calls_should_be_checked.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unsafe_deref_assign_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unsafe_deref_assign_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unsafe_fixed_array_assign.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unsafe_fixed_array_assign.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unsafe_method_as_field.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unsafe_method_as_field.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unsafe_none_return_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unsafe_none_return_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unsafe_pointer_arithmetic_should_be_checked.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unsafe_pointer_arithmetic_should_be_checked.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unsafe_required.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unsafe_required.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unused_label.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unused_label.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unused_last_expr_stmt_in_if.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unused_last_expr_stmt_in_if.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unwrapped_option_infix.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unwrapped_option_infix.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unwrapped_option_result_in_operation_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unwrapped_option_result_in_operation_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unwrapped_result_infix_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/unwrapped_result_infix_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/use_deprecated_function_warning.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/use_deprecated_function_warning.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/var_decl_import_sym_conflict.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/var_decl_import_sym_conflict.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/var_duplicate_const.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/var_duplicate_const.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/var_eval_not_used.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/var_eval_not_used.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/var_eval_not_used_scope.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/var_eval_not_used_scope.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/var_option_index_error.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/var_option_index_error.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/var_option_wrong_default.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/var_option_wrong_default.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/var_option_wrong_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/var_option_wrong_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/var_option_wrong_unwrap.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/var_option_wrong_unwrap.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/var_used_before_declaration.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/var_used_before_declaration.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/variadic_value_print_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/variadic_value_print_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/void_fn_as_value.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/void_fn_as_value.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/void_fn_multiple_ret_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/void_fn_multiple_ret_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/void_function_assign_to_string.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/void_function_assign_to_string.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/void_method_call.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/void_method_call.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/void_option_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/void_option_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/voidptr_cast_to_struct_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/voidptr_cast_to_struct_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/voidptr_dereference_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/voidptr_dereference_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/vweb_missing_result.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/vweb_missing_result.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/vweb_routing_checks.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/vweb_routing_checks.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/vweb_tmpl_used_var.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/vweb_tmpl_used_var.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/warnings_for_string_c2v_calls.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/warnings_for_string_c2v_calls.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/with_check_option/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/with_check_option/v_tictactoe.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/with_check_option/v_tictactoe.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/with_check_option/v_tictactoe_fixed_syntax_error.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/with_check_option/v_tictactoe_fixed_syntax_error.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/wrong_comptime_for_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/wrong_comptime_for_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/wrong_fn_init_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/wrong_fn_init_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/wrong_none_on_or_block_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/wrong_none_on_or_block_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/wrong_option_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/wrong_option_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/wrong_option_unwrap_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/wrong_option_unwrap_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/wrong_propagate_ret_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/wrong_propagate_ret_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/wrong_result_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/wrong_result_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/wrong_shift_left_option_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/wrong_shift_left_option_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/wrong_type_casted_fixed_array_size_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/checker/tests/wrong_type_casted_fixed_array_size_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/compiler_errors_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/comptime/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/comptime/comptimeinfo.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/callstack.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/debug.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/interactive_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/aggregate.expect
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/aggregate.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/common.tcl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/comptime_smartcast.expect
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/comptime_smartcast.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/comptime_variant.expect
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/comptime_variant.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/interface_var.expect
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/interface_var.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/iteration.expect
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/iteration.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/mut_arg.expect
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/mut_arg.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/mut_sumtype.expect
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/mut_sumtype.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/option.expect
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/option.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/option_unwrap.expect
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/option_unwrap.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/smartcast.expect
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/smartcast.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/sumtype.expect
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/sumtype.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/trace/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/trace/trace_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/var_scope.expect
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tests/var_scope.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/trace.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/debug/tracing_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/depgraph/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/depgraph/depgraph.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/doc/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/doc/comment.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/doc/doc.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/doc/doc_private_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/doc/doc_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/doc/module.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/doc/node.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/doc/utils.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/dotgraph/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/dotgraph/dotgraph.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/dotgraph/dotgraph.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/dotgraph/dotgraph.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/embed_file/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/embed_file/decoder.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/embed_file/embed_file.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/embed_file/embed_file_d_freestanding.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/embed_file/embed_file_notd_freestanding.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/embed_file/tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/embed_file/tests/a.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/embed_file/tests/embed_file_self_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/embed_file/tests/embed_file_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/embed_file/tests/embed_file_to_string_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/embed_file/tests/embed_file_with_import_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/embed_file/tests/embed_file_with_variable_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/embed_file/tests/v.png
lib/vlang/vlib/v/errors/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/errors/errors.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/eval/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/eval/eval.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/eval/expr.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/eval/gen/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/eval/gen/infix_gen.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/eval/infix.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/eval/interpret_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/eval/object.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/eval/stmt.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/eval/testdata/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/eval/testdata/hello.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/eval/testdata/hello.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/eval/testdata/range_and_assign_ops.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/eval/testdata/range_and_assign_ops.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/eval/testdata/string_interpolation.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/eval/testdata/string_interpolation.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/eval/testdata/unsafe_expr.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/eval/testdata/unsafe_expr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/eval/tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/eval/tests/push_val_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/eval/var.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/align.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/asm.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/attrs.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/comments.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/fmt.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/fmt_bin2v_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/fmt_keep_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/fmt_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/fmt_vlib_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/struct.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/testdata/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/testdata/vmodules/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/testdata/vmodules/submod_type_alias/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/testdata/vmodules/submod_type_alias/bar/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/testdata/vmodules/submod_type_alias/bar/baz/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/testdata/vmodules/submod_type_alias/bar/baz/baz.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/testdata/vmodules/submod_type_alias/submod_type_alias_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/testdata/vmodules/submod_type_alias/submod_type_alias_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/allow_const_with_decl_assign_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/allow_const_with_decl_assign_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/anon_fn_as_param_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/anon_fn_call_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/anon_fn_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/anon_fn_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/anon_fn_with_if_expr_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/anon_fn_with_if_expr_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/anon_struct_as_param_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/anon_struct_as_param_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/anon_struct_as_param_with_fn_attrs_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/array_decomposition_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/array_init_comment_ending_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/array_init_comments_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/array_init_comments_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/array_init_eol_comments_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/array_init_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/array_init_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/array_init_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/array_newlines_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/array_slices_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/array_slices_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/array_static_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/assembly/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/assembly/asm_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/assert_extra_message_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/asserts_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/asserts_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/asserts_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/attrs_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/attrs_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/attrs_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/blocks_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/blocks_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/c_struct_init_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/cast_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/cast_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/cast_or_dump_arg_ending_with_comma_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/cast_or_dump_arg_ending_with_comma_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/chain_calls_with_comments_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/chain_calls_with_comments_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/chan_init_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/chan_ops_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/chan_or_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/char_literal_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/closure_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/comments_array_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/comments_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/comments_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/comments_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/comptime_call_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/comptime_field_selector_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/comptime_field_selector_parentheses_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/comptime_if_after_inc_expr_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/comptime_if_expr_script_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/comptime_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/comptime_method_args_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/comptime_method_args_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/comptime_method_call_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/comptime_warn_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/concat_expr_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/concat_expr_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/conditional_compilation_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/conditional_compilation_keep_in_module.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/conditions_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/conditions_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/consts_after_linebreak_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/consts_after_linebreak_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/consts_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/consts_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/consts_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/consts_with_comments_end_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/consts_with_comments_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/consts_with_comments_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/consts_with_comments_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/consts_with_embedded_comments_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/consts_with_embedded_comments_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/consts_with_or_block_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/do_not_change_type_names_that_just_happen_to_have_the_module_as_a_substring_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/donut_card_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/donut_card_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/embed_file_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/empty_curlies_and_parens_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/empty_lines_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/empty_lines_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/empty_lines_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/empty_map_fmt_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/enum_attributes_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/enum_comments_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/enum_decl_with_comment_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/enum_decl_with_comment_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/enums_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/enums_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/expressions_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/expressions_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/extra_par_expr_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/extra_par_expr_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/file_with_just_imports_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fixed_size_array_type_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/float_literals_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/float_literals_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fn_call_with_call_expr_and_params_struct_args_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fn_headers_with_comments_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fn_headers_with_comments_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fn_headers_with_comments_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fn_headers_with_no_bodies_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fn_multi_return_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fn_parameter_the_same_as_a_module_const_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fn_return_generic_struct_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fn_return_parentheses_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fn_return_parentheses_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fn_trailing_arg_syntax_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fn_trailing_arg_syntax_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fn_trailing_arg_syntax_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fn_type_attributes_and_calling_convention_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fn_types_list_ending_with_comma_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fn_types_list_ending_with_comma_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fn_with_anon_params_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fn_with_args_comments_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fn_with_end_comments_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fn_with_short_args_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fn_with_variadic_arg_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fn_with_variadic_arg_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fntype_alias_array_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fntype_alias_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fntype_mut_args_with_option_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/fntype_return_option_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/functions_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/functions_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/gated_array_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/generic_recursive_structs_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/generic_struct_init_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/generic_structs_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/generic_structs_using_mod_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/generics_cascade_types_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/generics_fntype_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/generics_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/global_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/go_stmt_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/go_stmt_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/go_stmt_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/goto_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/goto_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/hashstmt_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/hashstmt_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/hashstmt_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/if_array_contains_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/if_array_contains_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/if_brace_on_newline_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/if_brace_on_newline_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/if_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/if_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/if_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/if_not_in_is_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/if_not_in_is_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/if_ternary_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/if_ternary_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/if_ternary_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/import_auto_added_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/import_auto_added_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/import_auto_with_shebang_and_comment_above_imports_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/import_auto_with_shebang_and_comment_above_imports_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/import_auto_with_shebang_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/import_auto_with_shebang_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/import_comments_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/import_duplicate_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/import_duplicate_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/import_multiple_with_alias_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/import_multiple_with_alias_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/import_rand_and_rand_seed_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/import_selective_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/import_selective_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/import_selective_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/import_selective_map_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/import_single_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/import_submod_from_vmodule_src_dir_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/import_with_alias_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/import_with_symbol_of_struct_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/import_with_symbols_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/infix_expr_and_op_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/infix_expr_and_op_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/infix_expr_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/infix_expr_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/infix_expr_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/infix_expr_with_comments_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/inline_sum_type_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/integer_literal_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/interface_anon_struct_decl_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/interface_decl_with_comment_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/interface_decl_with_comment_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/interface_declaration_comments_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/interface_field_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/interface_field_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/interface_fields_with_pre_comments_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/interface_method_with_fntype_arg_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/interface_method_with_pre_comments_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/interface_variadic_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/interface_with_mut_fields_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/json_decode_fmt_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/labelled_break_continue_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/language_prefixes_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/lock_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/lock_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/long_sumtype_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/long_sumtype_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/loops_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/loops_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/manualfree_keep.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/map_init_comments_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/map_of_strings_to_enums_init_with_utf8_keys_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/map_value_with_option_result_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/map_value_with_option_result_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/maps_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/maps_in_fn_args__keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/maps_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/maps_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/maps_of_fns_with_string_keys_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/match_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/match_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/match_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/match_range_expression_branches_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/match_with_commented_branches_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/match_with_multi_commented_branches_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/missing_import_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/missing_import_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/module_alias_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/module_interface_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/module_struct_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/multi_generic_test_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/multiline_comment_1_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/multiline_comment_2_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/nested_map_type_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/newlines_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/no_main_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/no_main_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/obj/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/obj/obj.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/offset_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/old_attrs_to_new_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/old_attrs_to_new_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/operator_overload_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/option_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/option_propagate_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/option_with_multi_stmts_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/or_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/orm_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/orm_or_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/orm_prefix_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/par_expr_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/par_expr_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/pointer_casts_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/proto_module_importing_vproto_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/ref_type_cast_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/result_return_type_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/select_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/semicolons_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/semicolons_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/shared_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/shared_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/shorten_longer_module_paths_first_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/star__amp_int__cast_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/static_methods_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/static_mut_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/stmt_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/string_interpolation_complex_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/string_interpolation_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/string_interpolation_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/string_interpolation_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/string_intp_with_result_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/string_quotes_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/string_quotes_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/string_raw_and_cstr_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/strings_name_variable_call_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/struct_decl_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/struct_decl_with_comments_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/struct_decl_with_comments_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/struct_decl_with_comments_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/struct_decl_with_nested_struct_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/struct_default_field_expressions_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/struct_embed_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/struct_init_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/struct_init_with_comments_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/struct_init_with_custom_len_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/struct_init_with_ref_cast_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/struct_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/struct_no_extra_attr_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/struct_update_comment_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/struct_update_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/struct_with_array_of_anon_struct_field_decl_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/struct_with_fn_fields_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/structs_comments_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/sum_attributes_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/sum_smartcast_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/symbol_registration_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/thread_in_a_module_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/to_string_2_forms_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/too_long_infix_expressions_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/trailing_space_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/trailing_space_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/type_decl_comments_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/type_decl_with_anon_struct_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/type_ptr_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/typeof_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/types_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/types_input.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/union_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/unsafe_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/vargs_reference_param_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/vfmt_off_vfmt_on_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/void_option_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/tests/vscript_keep.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/fmt/vfmt_on_off.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/array.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/assert.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/assign.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/auto_eq_methods.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/auto_free_methods.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/auto_str_methods.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/cgen.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/cheaders.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/cmain.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/comptime.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/coutput_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/ctempvars.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/dumpexpr.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/embed.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/fn.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/for.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/if.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/index.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/infix.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/json.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/live.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/match.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/orm.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/past_tmp_var.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/profile.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/reflection.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/spawn_and_go.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/str.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/str_intp.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/struct.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/addition.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/addition.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/addition.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/addr.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/addr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/alias_c_parent_type_decl.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/alias_c_parent_type_decl.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/alias_c_parent_type_decl.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/alias_interface_method_call.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/alias_interface_method_call.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/alias_of_array_method_call.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/alias_of_array_method_call.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/aligned_attr_gcc_windows.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/aligned_attr_gcc_windows.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/aligned_attr_gcc_windows.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/aligned_attr_msvc_windows.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/aligned_attr_msvc_windows.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/aligned_attr_msvc_windows.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/aligned_attr_nix.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/aligned_attr_nix.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/aligned_attr_nix.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/array_as_interface.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/array_as_interface.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/array_init_no_error.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/array_init_no_error.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/assert_fncalls.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/assert_fncalls.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/assert_fncalls.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/attr_string_quotes_escape.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/attr_string_quotes_escape.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/callstack.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/callstack.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/check_combination_of_alias_and_sumtype.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/check_combination_of_alias_and_sumtype.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/closure_shared_lib.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/closure_shared_lib.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/comp_if_unknown.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/comp_if_unknown.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/compare_structs.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/compare_structs.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/comptime_if_attribute_in_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/comptime_if_attribute_in_test2.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/comptime_if_attribute_in_test2.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/comptime_interface_field.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/comptime_interface_field.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/comptime_option_call.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/comptime_option_call.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/console_windows_program.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/console_windows_program.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/const_references.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/const_references.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/const_references.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/embed.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/embed.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/embed_with_prod.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/embed_with_prod.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/embed_with_prod.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/embed_with_prod_and_several_decoders.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/embed_with_prod_and_several_decoders.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/embed_with_prod_and_several_decoders.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/embed_with_prod_zlib.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/embed_with_prod_zlib.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/embed_with_prod_zlib.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/enum_switch_case.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/enum_switch_case.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/enum_switch_case.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/export_and_weak.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/export_and_weak.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/export_and_weak.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/for_in.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/for_in.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/for_in.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/freestanding_define/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/freestanding_define/a_d_freestanding.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/freestanding_define/a_notd_freestanding.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/freestanding_module_import_1.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/freestanding_module_import_1.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/freestanding_module_import_2.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/freestanding_module_import_2.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/func_type_dependency.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/func_type_dependency.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/gen_expr_to_string_with_call_and_return_ref.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/gen_expr_to_string_with_call_and_return_ref.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/global_export_nix.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/global_export_nix.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/global_initializer.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/global_initializer.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/globals_with_weak_tag.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/globals_with_weak_tag.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/gui_windows_program.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/gui_windows_program.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/gui_windows_program_with_console_tag.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/gui_windows_program_with_console_tag.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/init_fn_with_if_attr_defined.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/init_fn_with_if_attr_defined.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/init_fn_with_if_attr_defined.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/init_fn_with_if_attr_not_defined.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/init_fn_with_if_attr_not_defined.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/init_fn_with_if_attr_not_defined.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/linker_section_nix.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/linker_section_nix.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/multi_return_ignored_if_guard.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/multi_return_ignored_if_guard.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/mutable_receiver_type_mapping.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/mutable_receiver_type_mapping.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/none_literal_str.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/none_literal_str.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/preinclude_example.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/preinclude_example.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/preinclude_example_changed_order.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/preinclude_example_changed_order.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/preinclude_header.h
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/preinclude_header2.h
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/ref_sumtype_map_as_struct_field.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/ref_sumtype_map_as_struct_field.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/self_printer_with_prod.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/self_printer_with_prod.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/spawn_call_fn_struct_field.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/spawn_call_fn_struct_field.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/spawn_stack_nix.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/spawn_stack_nix.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/spawn_stack_nix.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/spawn_stack_windows.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/spawn_stack_windows.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/spawn_stack_windows.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/strlit_len_optimization.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/strlit_len_optimization.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/strlit_len_optimization.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/struct_field_free.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/struct_field_free.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/sumtype_pass_by_reference.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/sumtype_pass_by_reference.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/sumtype_struct_depend_order.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/sumtype_struct_depend_order.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/translated/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/translated/sym.c
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/translated/translated_module_actual.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/translated/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/translated_module.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/translated_module.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/translated_module.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/unused_import_aliased_as_underscore.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/unused_import_aliased_as_underscore.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/volatile.c.must_have
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/volatile.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/testdata/volatile.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/text_manipulation.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/c/utils.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/golang/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/golang/attrs.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/golang/golang.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/golang/struct.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/golang/tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/golang/tests/array.go.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/golang/tests/array.go.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/golang/tests/golang_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/golang/tests/simple.go.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/golang/tests/simple.go.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/golang/tests/string.go.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/golang/tests/string.go.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/array.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/auto_eq_methods.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/auto_str_methods.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/builtin_types.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/comptime.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/deep_copy.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/fast_deep_equal.js
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/fn.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/infix.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/jsdoc.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/jsgen_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/program_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/sourcemap/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/sourcemap/basic_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/sourcemap/compare_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/sourcemap/mappings.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/sourcemap/sets.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/sourcemap/source_map.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/sourcemap/source_map_generator.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/sourcemap/vlq/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/sourcemap/vlq/vlq.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/sourcemap/vlq/vlq_decode_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/sourcemap/vlq/vlq_encode_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/str.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/temp_fast_deep_equal.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/.gitignore
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/array.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/auto_deref_args.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/enum.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/hello/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/hello/hello.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/hello/hello.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/hello/hello1/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/hello/hello1/hello1.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/interface.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/interp.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/life.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/option.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/simple.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/simple_sourcemap.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/struct.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/testdata/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/testdata/byte_is_space.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/testdata/byte_is_space.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/testdata/compare_ints.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/testdata/compare_ints.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/testdata/hw.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/testdata/hw.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/testdata/match.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/testdata/match.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/testdata/overloading.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/testdata/overloading.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/testdata/string.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/testdata/string.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/testdata/string_methods.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/testdata/string_methods.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/testdata/u16.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/testdata/u16.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/testdata/u32.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/testdata/u32.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/testdata/u64.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/tests/testdata/u64.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/js/util.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/amd64.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/arm64.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/array.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/blacklist.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/builtins.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/comptime.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/dos.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/elf.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/expr.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/gen.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/macho.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/macho_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/pe.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/readdll.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/stmt.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/syscall.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/asm.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/asm.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/assert.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/assert.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/assign.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/assign.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/atexpr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/atexpr.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/compare.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/compare.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/comptime.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/comptime.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/defer.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/defer.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/enum.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/enum.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/expressions.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/expressions.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/float.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/float.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/forin.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/forin.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/general.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/general.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/hello.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/hello.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/ifs.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/ifs.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/libc.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/libc.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/match.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/match.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/method.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/method.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/multi_assign.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/multi_assign.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/native_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/pointers.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/pointers.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/print.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/print.vv.err
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/print.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/simple_fn_calls.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/simple_fn_calls.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/string.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/string.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/struct.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/struct.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/struct_with_fn.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/struct_with_fn.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/sumcall.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/sumcall.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/typeof.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/native/tests/typeof.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/asm.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/comptime.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/gen.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/mem.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/ops.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/serialise/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/serialise/alignment_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/serialise/serialise.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/tests/arith.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/tests/arith.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/tests/arrays.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/tests/arrays.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/tests/asm.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/tests/asm.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/tests/builtin.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/tests/builtin.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/tests/comptime.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/tests/comptime.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/tests/control_flow.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/tests/control_flow.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/tests/misc.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/tests/misc.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/tests/multi_expr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/tests/multi_expr.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/tests/structs.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/tests/structs.vv.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/gen/wasm/tests/wasm_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/FORMATTING.md
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/build/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/build/build-c.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/build/build-js.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/build/build-native.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/build/build-wasm.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/build/build.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/common/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/common/common.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/common/doc.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/common/fmt.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/common/missdoc.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/common/repl.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/common/run.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/common/test.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/common/vet.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/common/watch.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/common/where.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/default.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/help.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/help_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/installation/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/installation/installation.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/installation/self.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/installation/symlink.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/installation/up.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/installation/version.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/other/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/other/ast.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/other/bin2v.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/other/bug.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/other/bump.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/other/check-md.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/other/complete.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/other/doctor.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/other/gret.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/other/ls.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/other/other.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/other/shader.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/other/share.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/other/tracev.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/scaffolding/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/scaffolding/scaffolding.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/vpm/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/vpm/install.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/vpm/list.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/vpm/outdated.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/vpm/remove.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/vpm/search.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/vpm/show.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/vpm/update.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/vpm/upgrade.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/help/vpm/vpm.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/live/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/live/common.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/live/executable/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/live/executable/reloader.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/live/live_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/live/live_test_template.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/live/sharedlib/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/live/sharedlib/live_sharedlib.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/markused/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/markused/markused.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/markused/walker.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/mathutil/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/mathutil/mathutil.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/mathutil/mathutil_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/assign.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/comptime.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/containers.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/expr.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/fn.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/for.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/if_match.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/lock.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/module.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/orm.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/parse_type.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/parser.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/struct.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/testdata/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/testdata/silent/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/testdata/silent/orm_infinite_loop_in_parser_sql_stmt.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/testdata/stdout/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/testdata/stdout/.gitkeep
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/already_existing_sym_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/already_existing_sym_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/anon_fn_return_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/anon_fn_return_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/anon_sum_type_interface.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/anon_sum_type_interface.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/anon_sum_type_multi_return_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/anon_sum_type_multi_return_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/anon_sum_type_receiver_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/anon_sum_type_receiver_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/anon_sum_type_struct.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/anon_sum_type_struct.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/anon_unused_param.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/anon_unused_param.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/argumented_op_overloading_fn_decl_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/argumented_op_overloading_fn_decl_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/argumented_op_overloading_fn_op_overloaded_decl_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/argumented_op_overloading_fn_op_overloaded_decl_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/array_decl_type_alias_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/array_decl_type_alias_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/array_decl_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/array_decl_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/array_decl_type_struct_field_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/array_decl_type_struct_field_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/array_init.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/array_init.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/array_init_given_len_not_given_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/array_init_given_len_not_given_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/array_pos_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/array_pos_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/atomic_blank_ident_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/atomic_blank_ident_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/builtin_alias_type_name_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/builtin_alias_type_name_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/builtin_enum_type_name_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/builtin_enum_type_name_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/builtin_sum_type_type_name_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/builtin_sum_type_type_name_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/c_struct_no_embed.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/c_struct_no_embed.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/cast_to_any_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/cast_to_any_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/check_undefined_variables_too_deep_nested.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/check_undefined_variables_too_deep_nested.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/closure_not_declared.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/closure_not_declared.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/closure_not_used.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/closure_not_used.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/closure_undefined_var.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/closure_undefined_var.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/closure_var_name_conflict.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/closure_var_name_conflict.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/comptime_path_not_found_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/comptime_path_not_found_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/comptime_unknown_meta_kind_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/comptime_unknown_meta_kind_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/const_decl_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/const_decl_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/const_index.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/const_index.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/const_missing_rpar_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/const_missing_rpar_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/const_missing_rpar_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/const_missing_rpar_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/const_only_keyword.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/const_only_keyword.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/const_unexpected_eof.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/const_unexpected_eof.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/dec_use_as_value.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/dec_use_as_value.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/declare_static_fn_as_receiver_method_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/declare_static_fn_as_receiver_method_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/defer_propagate.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/defer_propagate.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/defer_propagate2.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/defer_propagate2.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/defer_return.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/defer_return.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/defer_return2.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/defer_return2.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/dollar_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/dollar_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/duplicate_field_embed_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/duplicate_field_embed_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/duplicate_type_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/duplicate_type_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/duplicate_type_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/duplicate_type_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/duplicated_generic_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/duplicated_generic_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/embedded_struct_attribute_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/embedded_struct_attribute_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/empty_name_expr_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/empty_name_expr_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/expected_type_enum_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/expected_type_enum_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/expecting_assign_type_alias.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/expecting_assign_type_alias.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/expecting_type_declaration_for_new_attribute_field_followed_by_enum_default_value.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/expecting_type_declaration_for_new_attribute_field_followed_by_enum_default_value.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/export_interop_func_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/export_interop_func_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/expr_evaluated_but_not_used_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/expr_evaluated_but_not_used_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/expr_evaluated_but_not_used_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/expr_evaluated_but_not_used_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/expr_evaluated_but_not_used_c.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/expr_evaluated_but_not_used_c.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/expr_evaluated_but_not_used_d.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/expr_evaluated_but_not_used_d.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/expr_evaluated_but_not_used_e.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/expr_evaluated_but_not_used_e.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/expr_evaluated_but_not_used_if.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/expr_evaluated_but_not_used_if.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/expr_evaluated_but_not_used_or.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/expr_evaluated_but_not_used_or.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fixed_arr_len_cap_attr_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fixed_arr_len_cap_attr_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fixed_array_size_using_non_constant_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fixed_array_size_using_non_constant_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_alias_arg_variadic_mut_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_alias_arg_variadic_mut_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_arg_variadic_mut_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_arg_variadic_mut_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_attributes_duplicate_multiple.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_attributes_duplicate_multiple.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_attributes_duplicate_single.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_attributes_duplicate_single.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_attributes_empty_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_attributes_empty_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_body_start_pos.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_body_start_pos.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_decl_multi_return_types_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_decl_multi_return_types_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_decl_return_type_err_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_decl_return_type_err_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_decl_return_type_err_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_decl_return_type_err_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_decl_unexpected_eof.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_decl_unexpected_eof.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_param_name_cap.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_param_name_cap.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_type_only_args_in_interfaces.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_type_only_args_in_interfaces.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_type_only_args_no_body.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_type_only_args_no_body.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_type_only_args_unknown_name.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_type_only_args_unknown_name.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_use_builtin_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/fn_use_builtin_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/for_in_mut_index_of_array.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/for_in_mut_index_of_array.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/for_in_mut_key_of_map.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/for_in_mut_key_of_map.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/for_index_in_range.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/for_index_in_range.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/for_mut_in_range.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/for_mut_in_range.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/for_val_in_array_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/for_val_in_array_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/forbidden_language_support_c.c.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/forbidden_language_support_c.c.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/forbidden_language_support_js.js.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/forbidden_language_support_js.js.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/forbidden_language_support_js.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/function_prototype_in_struct.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/function_prototype_in_struct.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/function_variadic_arg_non_final.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/function_variadic_arg_non_final.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/generic_fn_type_decl_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/generic_fn_type_decl_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/generic_interface_decl_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/generic_interface_decl_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/generic_lowercase_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/generic_lowercase_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/generic_struct_parameter_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/generic_struct_parameter_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/generic_struct_type_decl_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/generic_struct_type_decl_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/generic_struct_type_using_multi_return_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/generic_struct_type_using_multi_return_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/generic_type_alias_decl.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/generic_type_alias_decl.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/hash_empty_flag_value.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/hash_empty_flag_value.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/if_guard_cond_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/if_guard_cond_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/if_guard_redefinition.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/if_guard_redefinition.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/if_guard_undefined_variable_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/if_guard_undefined_variable_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/import_sym_fn_unused_warning_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/import_sym_fn_unused_warning_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/inc_use_as_value.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/inc_use_as_value.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/index_expr_option_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/index_expr_option_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/inline_sum_type_option_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/inline_sum_type_option_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/inline_sum_type_return_type_too_many_variants.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/inline_sum_type_return_type_too_many_variants.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/interface_duplicate_interface_method.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/interface_duplicate_interface_method.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/interface_duplicate_method.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/interface_duplicate_method.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/interface_mutability_receiver.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/interface_mutability_receiver.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/interface_name_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/interface_name_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/interop_func_body_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/interop_func_body_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_attribute_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_attribute_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_attribute_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_attribute_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_attribute_c.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_attribute_c.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_attribute_d.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_attribute_d.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_enum_decl_script_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_enum_decl_script_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_fn_decl_script_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_fn_decl_script_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_interface_decl_script_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_interface_decl_script_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_recursive_struct1_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_recursive_struct1_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_recursive_struct2_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_recursive_struct2_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_struct_decl_script_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_struct_decl_script_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_using_atomic.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_using_atomic.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_using_mut.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_using_mut.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_using_shared.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_using_shared.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_using_static.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_using_static.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_using_volatile.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/invalid_using_volatile.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/keyword_sql_used_as_name_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/keyword_sql_used_as_name_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/long_generic_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/long_generic_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/main_and_script_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/main_and_script_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/map_init.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/map_init.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/map_init_void.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/map_init_void.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/map_init_void2.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/map_init_void2.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/map_key_twice_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/map_key_twice_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/map_syntax_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/map_syntax_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/match_multi_else_branch_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/match_multi_else_branch_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/match_range_dotdot_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/match_range_dotdot_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/method_call_receiver_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/method_call_receiver_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/method_decl_on_non_local_array.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/method_decl_on_non_local_array.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/method_decl_on_non_local_map.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/method_decl_on_non_local_map.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/method_decl_on_non_local_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/method_decl_on_non_local_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/module_multiple_names_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/module_multiple_names_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/module_syntax_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/module_syntax_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/multi_argumented_assign_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/multi_argumented_assign_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/mut_blank_ident_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/mut_blank_ident_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/named_sum_type_none_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/named_sum_type_none_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/nested_defer.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/nested_defer.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/nested_unsafe_expr.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/nested_unsafe_expr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/nested_unsafe_stmt.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/nested_unsafe_stmt.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/no_chan_type_provided_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/no_chan_type_provided_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/not_using_if_comptime_in_comptime_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/not_using_if_comptime_in_comptime_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/operator_normal_fn.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/operator_normal_fn.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/option_alias_option_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/option_alias_option_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/option_result_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/option_result_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/option_sum_type_return_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/option_sum_type_return_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/or_default_missing.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/or_default_missing.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/orm_no_error_handler.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/orm_no_error_handler.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/postfix_err_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/postfix_err_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/postfix_err_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/postfix_err_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/prefix_dec_bare_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/prefix_dec_bare_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/prefix_dec_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/prefix_dec_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/prefix_dec_expr_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/prefix_dec_expr_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/prefix_err_1.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/prefix_err_1.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/prefix_err_2.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/prefix_err_2.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/prefix_inc_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/prefix_inc_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/prohibit_redeclaration_of_builtin_types.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/prohibit_redeclaration_of_builtin_types.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/redeclaration_of_imported_fn.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/redeclaration_of_imported_fn.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/ref_array_pos_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/ref_array_pos_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/register_ierror_interface.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/register_ierror_interface.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/register_ierror_struct.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/register_ierror_struct.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/register_imported_alias.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/register_imported_alias.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/register_imported_enum.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/register_imported_enum.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/register_imported_interface.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/register_imported_interface.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/register_imported_struct.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/register_imported_struct.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/result_option_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/result_option_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/select_bad_key_1.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/select_bad_key_1.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/select_bad_key_2.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/select_bad_key_2.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/select_bad_key_3.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/select_bad_key_3.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/select_bad_key_4.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/select_bad_key_4.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/select_else_1.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/select_else_1.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/select_else_2.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/select_else_2.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/shared_blank_ident_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/shared_blank_ident_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/sql_no_db_expr_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/sql_no_db_expr_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/sql_no_db_expr_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/sql_no_db_expr_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/sql_undefined_variables_in_complex_exprs.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/sql_undefined_variables_in_complex_exprs.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/string_invalid_prefix_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/string_invalid_prefix_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_embed_duplicate.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_embed_duplicate.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_embed_unknown_module.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_embed_unknown_module.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_embed_wrong_pos_in_pub_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_embed_wrong_pos_in_pub_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_embed_wrong_pos_long_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_embed_wrong_pos_long_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_embed_wrong_pos_short_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_embed_wrong_pos_short_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_field_expected.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_field_expected.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_field_mut_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_field_mut_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_field_required_fn_option_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_field_required_fn_option_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_field_required_fn_result_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_field_required_fn_result_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_field_unknown_module_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_field_unknown_module_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_field_unknown_module_b.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_field_unknown_module_b.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_field_unknown_module_c.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_field_unknown_module_c.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_init_from_another_mod_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_init_from_another_mod_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_module_section.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_module_section.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_update_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/struct_update_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/sum_type_exists_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/sum_type_exists_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/tmpl/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/tmpl/include.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/tmpl_include_without_quotes.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/tmpl_include_without_quotes.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/too_many_generics_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/too_many_generics_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/type_alias_existing_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/type_alias_existing_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/type_alias_same_type_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/type_alias_same_type_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/type_decl_name_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/type_decl_name_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/type_fn_eof_on_same_line.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/type_fn_eof_on_same_line.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/uncomplete_module_call_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/uncomplete_module_call_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/unexpected_expr.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/unexpected_expr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/unexpected_keyword.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/unexpected_keyword.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/unexpected_name_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/unexpected_name_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/unexpected_token.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tests/unexpected_token.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/tmpl.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/v_parser_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/parser/v_print_v_files_works_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/bin/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/bin/pkgconfig.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/bin/pkgconfig_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/main.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/pkgconfig.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/pkgconfig_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/test_samples/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/test_samples/alsa.pc
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/test_samples/atk.pc
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/test_samples/autoopts.pc
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/test_samples/dep-resolution-fail.pc
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/test_samples/expat.pc
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/test_samples/form.pc
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/test_samples/gio-2.0.pc
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/test_samples/gio-unix-2.0.pc
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/test_samples/glib-2.0.pc
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/test_samples/gmodule-2.0.pc
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/test_samples/gmodule-no-export-2.0.pc
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/test_samples/gobject-2.0.pc
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/test_samples/hogweed.pc
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/test_samples/libffi.pc
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/test_samples/libpcre.pc
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/test_samples/ncurses.pc
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/test_samples/nettle.pc
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/test_samples/sdl2.pc
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/test_samples/zlib.pc
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pkgconfig/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pref/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pref/default.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pref/line_info.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pref/options_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pref/os.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pref/pref.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pref/pref_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/pref/should_compile.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes/embed_file/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes/embed_file/embed_file.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes/embed_file/zlib/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes/embed_file/zlib/embed_file_zlib.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes/live.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes/live_main.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes/live_shared.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes/profiled_program.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes/test_runner.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes/test_runner_dump.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes/test_runner_normal.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes/test_runner_simple.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes/test_runner_tap.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes/test_runner_teamcity.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes/tests_with_stats.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes/trace_calls.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes_js/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes_js/stats_import.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes_js/test_runner.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes_js/test_runner_normal.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes_js/test_runner_simple.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes_js/test_runner_tap.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/preludes_js/tests_with_stats.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/profile/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/profile/api.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/reflection/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/reflection/reflection.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/scanner.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/scanner_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/bin_consecutively_separator_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/bin_consecutively_separator_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/bin_separator_in_front_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/bin_separator_in_front_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/comments_not_terminated_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/comments_not_terminated_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/dec_consecutively_separator_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/dec_consecutively_separator_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/empty_character_literal_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/empty_character_literal_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/float_literals_dot_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/float_literals_dot_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/hex_consecutively_separator_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/hex_consecutively_separator_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/hex_separator_in_front_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/hex_separator_in_front_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/invalid_character_literal_err_1.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/invalid_character_literal_err_1.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/invalid_character_literal_err_2.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/invalid_character_literal_err_2.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/invalid_unicode_16_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/invalid_unicode_16_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/invalid_unicode_32_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/invalid_unicode_32_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/newline_character_literal_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/newline_character_literal_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/oct_consecutively_separator_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/oct_consecutively_separator_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/oct_separator_in_front_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/oct_separator_in_front_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/position_0_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/position_0_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/shebang_outside_vsh_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/shebang_outside_vsh_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/undefined_ident_in_string_literal_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/undefined_ident_in_string_literal_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/unfinished_string_literal_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/unfinished_string_literal_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/unknown_escape_sequence_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/unknown_escape_sequence_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/unknown_escape_sequence_in_ident_char_1_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/unknown_escape_sequence_in_ident_char_1_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/unknown_escape_sequence_in_ident_char_2_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/scanner/tests/unknown_escape_sequence_in_ident_char_2_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/assembly/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/assembly/asm_test.amd64.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/assembly/asm_test.i386.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/assembly/naked_attr_test.amd64.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/assembly/naked_attr_test.i386.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/assembly/util/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/assembly/util/dot_amd64_util.amd64.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/comptime_if_expr_threads_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/crun_mode/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/crun_mode/crun_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/.gitignore
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/cast_to_reference_type.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/cast_to_reference_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/cli_command_no_execute.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/cli_command_no_execute.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/cli_root_default_help.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/cli_root_default_help.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/closure_with_fn_variables.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/closure_with_fn_variables.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/closure_with_nested_closure_var.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/closure_with_nested_closure_var.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/compiler_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/comptime_bool_fields.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/comptime_bool_fields.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/comptime_if_script_mode.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/comptime_if_script_mode.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/comptime_iterate.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/comptime_iterate.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/comptime_ptr.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/comptime_ptr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/comptime_selector_of_interface.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/comptime_selector_of_interface.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/comptime_smartcast_variant.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/comptime_smartcast_variant.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/data_obj.v.templ
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_expression.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_expression.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_expressions_with_literals.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_expressions_with_literals.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_fixed_array_of_option.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_fixed_array_of_option.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_generic_fn_mut_arg.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_generic_fn_mut_arg.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_generic_interface_ref_arg.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_generic_interface_ref_arg.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_match_expr.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_match_expr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_multi_fixed_array_init.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_multi_fixed_array_init.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_multiple_ptr.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_multiple_ptr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_nested_generic_fn_call_ref_arg.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_nested_generic_fn_call_ref_arg.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_nil_voidptr.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_nil_voidptr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_none.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_none.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_shared_arg.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_shared_arg.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_sumtype_of_fntype.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/dump_sumtype_of_fntype.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/embedded.html
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/enum_print.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/enum_print.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/file.html
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/file.md
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/footer.md
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/generic_fn_with_alias_arg.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/generic_fn_with_alias_arg.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/generic_fn_with_array_arg.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/generic_fn_with_array_arg.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/go_print.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/go_print.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/header.md
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/hello.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/hello.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/hello_devs.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/hello_devs.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/interface_field_initialised_struct_update_expr.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/interface_field_initialised_struct_update_expr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/nested_generic_fn_call.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/nested_generic_fn_call.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/nested_structs.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/nested_structs.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/oneliner_with_semicolons.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/oneliner_with_semicolons.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/option_fn_arg.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/option_fn_arg.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/option_panic.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/option_panic.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/option_unwrap_err.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/option_unwrap_err.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/or_block_with_rvoid.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/or_block_with_rvoid.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/orm_panic_for_insert_into_not_created_table.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/orm_panic_for_insert_into_not_created_table.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/orm_panic_for_select_from_not_created_table.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/orm_panic_for_select_from_not_created_table.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/os.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/os.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/panic_on_bad_st_as.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/panic_on_bad_st_as.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/panic_on_fixed_array_index.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/panic_on_fixed_array_index.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/panic_on_fixed_array_slice.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/panic_on_fixed_array_slice.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/panic_with_cg.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/panic_with_cg.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_alias_has_str_method.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_alias_has_str_method.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_aliases_of_multi_fixed_array.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_aliases_of_multi_fixed_array.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_complex_if_exprs_output.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_complex_if_exprs_output.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_comptime_if.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_comptime_if.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_const_array.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_const_array.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_fixed_array_of_pointers.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_fixed_array_of_pointers.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_for_mut_v_in_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_for_mut_v_in_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_for_v_in_a.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_for_v_in_a.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_multi_fixed_array.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_multi_fixed_array.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_multi_fixed_array_init.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_multi_fixed_array_init.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_nested_generic_struct.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_nested_generic_struct.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_option_in_if_expr.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_option_in_if_expr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_recursive_array_of_reference_struct.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_recursive_array_of_reference_struct.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_reference_alias.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_reference_alias.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_reference_enum.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_reference_enum.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_reference_struct.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_reference_struct.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_result_in_infix_expr.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_result_in_infix_expr.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_result_in_infix_expr2.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_result_in_infix_expr2.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_slice_of_fn_call_string.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_slice_of_fn_call_string.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_slice_of_multiline_raw_string.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_slice_of_multiline_raw_string.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_struct_with_arrays_of_anon_struct_field.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_struct_with_arrays_of_anon_struct_field.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_struct_with_skip_fields.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_struct_with_skip_fields.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_struct_with_thread_field.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_struct_with_thread_field.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_sumtype_with_none.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/printing_sumtype_with_none.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/push_on_closed_channel.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/push_on_closed_channel.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/push_work_on_channel.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/push_work_on_channel.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/smart_quote.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/smart_quote.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/strconv_v_printf.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/string_interp.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/string_interp.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/struct_dump_option_fields.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/struct_dump_option_fields.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/struct_field_option.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/struct_field_option.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/struct_with_embed_field_init.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/struct_with_embed_field_init.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/sumtype_with_fntype.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/sumtype_with_fntype.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/tmpl_all_in_one_folder.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/tmpl_all_in_one_folder.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/tmpl_expand_v_source_code.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/tmpl_expand_v_source_code.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/tmpl_parse_html.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/tmpl_parse_html.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/vscript_using_generics_in_os.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/inout/vscript_using_generics_in_os.vsh
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/keep_args_alive_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/keep_args_alive_test_c.h
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/modules/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/modules/acommentedmodule/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/modules/acommentedmodule/commentedfile.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/prod/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/prod/.gitignore
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/prod/asserts_should_be_skipped.prod.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/prod/asserts_should_be_skipped.prod.v.expected.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/prod/assoc.prod.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/prod/assoc.prod.v.expected.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/prod/f64_literals_and_simple_expressions_should_not_round_as_f32.prod.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/prod/f64_literals_and_simple_expressions_should_not_round_as_f32.prod.v.expected.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/prod_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/profile/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/profile/profile_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/profile/profile_test_1.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/profile/profile_test_2.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/profile/profile_test_3.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/profile/profile_test_interrupted.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/.gitattributes
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/.gitignore
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/array_filter.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/array_init.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/array_method.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/bad_in_type.repl.skip
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/chained_fields/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/chained_fields/bd.repl.skip
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/chained_fields/c.repl.skip
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/chained_fields/c2.repl.skip
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/chained_fields/d.repl.skip
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/chained_fields/ef.repl.skip
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/comptime_for.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/comptime_tmpl.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/conditional_blocks/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/conditional_blocks/for.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/conditional_blocks/if.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/conditional_blocks/if_else.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/default_printing.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/empty_struct.repl.skip
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/entire_commented_module.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/error.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/error_and_continue_print.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/error_exitasdfasdf.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/error_nosave.repl.skip
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/fn_calls.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/if_and_for_with_print_inside_them.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/immutable_len_fields/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/immutable_len_fields/fields.1.repl.skip
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/immutable_len_fields/fields.2.repl.skip
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/immutable_len_fields/fields.3.repl.skip
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/import.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/import_alias.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/naked_strings.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/newlines.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/newlines_should_not_exit_the_repl.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/nomain.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/nothing.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/open_close_string_check.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/option.repl.skip
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/option_call.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/postfix_operators.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/print_and_fn_call.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/println.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/repl_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/runner/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/runner/runner.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/tmpl/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/tmpl/hello.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/var_decl.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/repl/void_vlib_fncall.repl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/run_project_folders/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/run_project_folders/go_fns_in_different_files_over_the_same_struct/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/run_project_folders/go_fns_in_different_files_over_the_same_struct/f1.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/run_project_folders/go_fns_in_different_files_over_the_same_struct/f2.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/run_project_folders/go_fns_in_different_files_over_the_same_struct/main.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/run_project_folders/issue_10023_multiple_anon_fns_with_same_position/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/run_project_folders/issue_10023_multiple_anon_fns_with_same_position/a.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/run_project_folders/issue_10023_multiple_anon_fns_with_same_position/b.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/run_project_folders/issue_13443_test_prefixed_fns_in_normal_v_files/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/run_project_folders/issue_13443_test_prefixed_fns_in_normal_v_files/any_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/run_project_folders/issue_13443_test_prefixed_fns_in_normal_v_files/main.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/run_project_folders_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/1.strings_and_arrays.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/2.heap_objects.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/array_init_with_string_variable.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/base64.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/buffer_passed_in_fn_that_uses_tos_on_it.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/cross_var_assign.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/dump_nested_structs.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/fn_call_result_arg.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/fn_returning_string_param.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/fn_with_return_should_free_local_vars.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/free_heap_foos.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/free_variables_in_reverse_order_of_creation.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/if_expr.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/if_expr_autofree_optional.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/if_expr_skip.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/import_os_and_use_its_constants.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/import_x_json2.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/logging.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/multiple_fn_calls.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/option_reassigned.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/option_simple.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/rand_module.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/rune_methods.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/simple_interpolation.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/simple_interpolation_script_mode.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/simple_interpolation_script_mode_more_scopes.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/string_plus_string_plus.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/string_str_method.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/strings_builder.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/struct_field.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/struct_of_array_of_same_struct.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/sync.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/slow_tests/valgrind/valgrind_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/addr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/aggregate_is_nodetype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/alias_array_built_in_methods_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/alias_array_has_method_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/alias_array_no_cast_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/alias_array_operator_overloading_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/alias_array_plus_operator_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/alias_basic_types_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/alias_bool_not_op_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/alias_char_type_reference_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/alias_compare_non_alias_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/alias_custom_type_map_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/alias_fixed_array_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/alias_fixed_array_of_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/alias_fixed_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/alias_in_a_struct_field_autostr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/alias_map_clone_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/alias_map_keys_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/alias_map_operator_overloading_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/alias_operator_overloading_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/alias_string_match_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/alias_sumtype_method_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/alias_to_ptr_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/alias_to_sum_with_enum_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/aliased_array_method_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/aliased_array_operations_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/aliased_field_access_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/aliased_option_fn_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/aliasing_c_structs/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/aliasing_c_structs/cstructs.h
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/aliasing_c_structs/eq_operator_overload_of_c_struct_alias_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/aliasing_c_structs/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/anon_fn_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/anon_fn_decl_inside_ternary_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/anon_fn_decl_with_anon_fn_params_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/anon_fn_direct_call_with_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/anon_fn_fixed_arr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/anon_fn_in_containers_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/anon_fn_option_call_in_if_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/anon_fn_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/anon_fn_redefinition_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/anon_fn_returning_question_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/anon_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/anon_fn_with_alias_args_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/anon_fn_with_array_arguments_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/anon_fn_with_nested_anon_fn_args_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/anon_fn_with_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/anon_struct_assign_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/anon_struct_default_value_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/anon_struct_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/anon_struct_with_default_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/append_struct_to_interface_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/appending_to_mut_array_in_fn_param_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_access_optimisation_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_append_short_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_as_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_cast_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_clear_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_elements_with_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_equality_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_filter_of_fn_mut_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_filter_using_direct_closure_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_fixed_auto_clone_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_fixed_ptr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_get_anon_fn_value_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_index_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_init_element_size_equal_array_size_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_init_with_fields_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_insert_as_mut_receiver_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_insert_variadic_arg_variable_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_map_or_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_map_ref_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_method_using_it_in_defer_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_methods_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_nested_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_of_alias_pop_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_of_alias_slice_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_of_anon_fn_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_of_fixed_array_map_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_of_fixed_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_of_fns_index_call_with_direct_array_access_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_of_functions_direct_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_of_interface_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_of_interfaces_builtin_method_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_of_interfaces_equality_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_of_map_with_default_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_of_ptrs_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_of_reference_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_of_sumtype_append_aggregate_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_of_sumtype_append_alias_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_of_sumtype_append_array_of_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_of_sumtype_append_literal_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_of_sumtype_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_of_sumtype_with_default_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_of_sumtypes_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_of_threads_wait_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_slice_assign_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_slice_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_sort_lt_overload_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_sort_with_fn_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_string_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_to_string_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_type_alias_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_with_fixed_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/array_with_it_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/arraydecompose_nonvariadic_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/arrays_and_maps_of_empty_structs_should_work_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/as_cast_already_smartcast_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/as_cast_is_expr_sumtype_fn_result_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/as_cast_literal_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/as_cast_selector_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/assert_fn_call_with_parentheses_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/assert_if_guard_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/assert_should_evaluate_args_just_once_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/assert_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/assert_with_array_ref_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/assert_with_newlines_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/assign_array_of_aliases_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/assign_bitops_with_type_aliases_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/assign_literal_with_closure_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/assign_map_value_of_fixed_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/assign_option_of_multi_return_with_heap_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/assign_option_of_struct_fntype_field_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/assign_shared_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/assign_static_method_to_anon_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/assign_type_checking_with_generics_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/assign_with_in_module_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/atomic_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/attribute_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/autocast_in_if_conds_1_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/autocast_in_if_conds_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/autocast_in_if_conds_3_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/autocast_in_if_conds_4_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/autocast_in_if_conds_5_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/autogen_free_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/autolock_array1_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/autolock_array2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/backtrace_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/bench_compare_tokens.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/bench_gc_enable_disable_collect.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/bench_json_vs_json2.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/bench_rand_fill_buffer_from_set.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/bench_random_number_generation.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/bench_stbi_load.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/bench_string_int.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/bench_string_key_in_map_vs_string_value_in_array.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/bench_strings_similarity.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/gcboehm/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/gcboehm/GC_Ryzen_3800X_Linux.pdf
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/gcboehm/GC_Ryzen_3800X_Linux.svg
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/gcboehm/GC_bench.plt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/gcboehm/GC_bench.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/gcboehm/GC_bench_full.plt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/gcboehm/GC_bench_incr.plt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/gcboehm/GC_bench_non_opt.plt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/gcboehm/GC_bench_opt.plt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/gcboehm/Makefile
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/gcboehm/Resources.plt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/gcboehm/Resources_Ryzen_3800X_Linux.pdf
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/gcboehm/Resources_Ryzen_3800X_Linux.svg
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/gcboehm/resources.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/math_big_gcd/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/math_big_gcd/bench_euclid.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/math_big_gcd/prime/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/math_big_gcd/prime/.skip_should_compile_all
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/math_big_gcd/prime/maker.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/math_big_gcd/primes.toml
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/bench/val_vs_ptr.c
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/big_array_allocation_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/blank_ident_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/break_in_lock_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/c_array_test.c
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/c_array_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/c_function_mut_param/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/c_function_mut_param/code.c
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/c_function_mut_param/code_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/c_function_mut_param/option_args_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/c_function_mut_param/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/c_struct_free/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/c_struct_free/c_struct_free_property_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/c_struct_free/free_struct.c
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/c_struct_with_reserved_field_name_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/c_structs/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/c_structs/cstruct.h
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/c_structs/cstruct_iterator_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/c_structs/cstruct_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/c_structs/iterator.h
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/c_structs/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/call_on_anon_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/call_to_str_on_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/calling_module_functions_with_maps_of_arrays_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cast_bool_to_int_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cast_comptime_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cast_fixed_array_to_ptr_ptr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cast_in_comptime_if_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cast_in_index_of_ref_fixed_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cast_int_to_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cast_interface_to_impl_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cast_none_to_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cast_option_to_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cast_precedence_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cast_sumtype_as_generic_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cast_test.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cast_to_alias_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cast_to_byte_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cast_to_empty_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cast_to_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cast_to_interface_with_struct_field_default_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cast_to_u8_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cflags/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cflags/includes/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cflags/includes/myinclude.h
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cflags/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cflags/vmodroot_and_vroot_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/chan_fixed_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/chan_generic_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/chan_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/channels_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/char_literal_bytes_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/check_in_is_consistency_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/check_init_value_for_arrays_of_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/checks_for_operator_overrides_should_happen_on_the_concrete_types_when_using_generics_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/clash_var_name_of_array_and_map_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/closure_data_with_gc_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/closure_generator_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/closure_in_if_guard_1_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/closure_in_if_guard_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/closure_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/closure_variable_in_smartcast_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/closure_with_fixed_array_var_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/closure_with_sumtype_var_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/complex_assign_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/complex_map_op_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_arr_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_array_fixed_field_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_at_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_attribute_selector_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_bittness_and_endianess_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_branching_working_without_compile_error_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_call_in_fn_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_call_or_block_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_call_tmpl_variable_scope_test.tpl
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_call_tmpl_variable_scope_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_call_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_concrete_type_register_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_const_def_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_deref_or_ref_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_dump_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_enum_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_enum_values_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_eq_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_field_indirections_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_field_name_check_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_field_selector_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_for_break_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_for_in_field_selector_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_for_in_field_typeof_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_for_in_field_with_generic_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_for_in_fields_FieldData_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_for_map_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_for_method_call_in_print_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_for_method_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_for_method_call_with_args_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_for_mod_name_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_for_over_struct_with_C_reserved_word_fields_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_for_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_generic_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_generic_ret_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_generic_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_if_expr_generic_typ_is_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_if_expr_in_const_decl_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_if_expr_in_struct_field_default_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_if_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_if_expr_with_result_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_if_generic_shift_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_if_is_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_if_is_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_if_pkgconfig_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_if_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_if_threads_no_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_if_threads_yes_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_in_type_checking_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_indirection_check_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_is_check_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_is_interface_check_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_kinds_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_map_generic_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_map_it_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_map_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_method_args_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_method_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_method_call_with_check_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_method_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_name_check_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_on_generics_func_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_on_method_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_option_field_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_println_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_propagate_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_selector_generic_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_selector_member_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_selector_ptr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_smart_receiver_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_smartcast_assert_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_smartcast_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_smartcast_var_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_sumtype_cast_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_sumtype_cast_3_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_sumtype_cast_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_var_assignment_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_var_is_check_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_var_on_multiple_args_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_var_param_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptime_variant_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/comptimeselector_mut_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/concat_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/concrete_type_as_generic_fn_type_1_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/concrete_type_as_generic_fn_type_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_and_global_with_same_name_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_array_init_order_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_array_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_as_enum_value_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_call_expr_order_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_can_use_options_results_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_comptime_eval_before_vinit_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_embed_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_eval_simple_int_expressions_at_comptime_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_fixed_array_containing_references_to_itself_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_fixed_array_of_reference_value_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_fixed_array_of_string_value_msvc_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_from_bytes_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_from_comptime_if_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_from_multi_branchs_of_if_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_function_call_init_order_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_global_arr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_init_array_index_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_init_order_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_many_pluses_with_raw_string_literal_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_name_equals_fn_name_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_order_with_str_interp_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_reference_argument_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_representation_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_resolution_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_selector_expr_order_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_use_nested_options_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/const_with_fn_param_with_the_same_name_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/constant_array_size_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/conversions_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/create_dll/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/create_dll/create_win_dll.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/create_dll/create_win_dll_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cross_assign_aliased_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cross_assign_fixed_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cross_assign_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cross_assign_with_generic_fn_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cross_assign_with_parentheses_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cross_method_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/cstrings_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/custom_str_on_struct_with_too_many_fields_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/default_thread_stack_size_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/defer/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/defer/defer_return_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/defer/defer_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/defer/defer_with_fn_var_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/defer_if_comptime_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/defer_use_returned_value_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/dereference_mut_interface_in_loop_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/differently_named_structs_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/double_ref_deref_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/dump_c_structs/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/dump_c_structs/dump_c_struct_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/dump_c_structs/epoll.h
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/dump_c_structs/netdb.h
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/dump_c_structs/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/dump_fns_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/dump_on_generic_func_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/embed_error_in_returning_result_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/embed_method_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/embed_struct_field_default_value_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/embed_struct_name_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/embed_struct_with_sumtype_field_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/empty_interface_is_another_empty_interface_check_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/empty_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/empty_struct_compare_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/empty_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/enum_aliases_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/enum_array_field_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/enum_attr_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/enum_attr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/enum_bitfield_64bit_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/enum_bitfield_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/enum_bitfield_works_with_comptime_conditional_in_the_same_scope_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/enum_custom_static_from_string_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/enum_default_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/enum_default_value_in_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/enum_explicit_size_big_and_small_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/enum_flag_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/enum_from_generic_static_method_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/enum_hex_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/enum_max_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/enum_static_from_string_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/enum_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/error_void_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/failing_tests_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/field_publicity/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/field_publicity/embed.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/filter_in_map_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/filter_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/filtering_tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/filtering_tests/filtering_android_outside_termux_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/filtering_tests/filtering_macos_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/filtering_tests/filtering_nix_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/filtering_tests/filtering_windows_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fixed_array_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fixed_array_chan_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fixed_array_const_size_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fixed_array_explicit_decompose_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fixed_array_generic_ini_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fixed_array_generic_ret_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fixed_array_in_op_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fixed_array_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fixed_array_literal_index_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fixed_array_literal_range_index_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fixed_array_map_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fixed_array_of_alias_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fixed_array_of_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fixed_array_of_interfaces_equality_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fixed_array_of_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fixed_array_of_threads_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fixed_array_of_threads_wait_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fixed_array_op_overload_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fixed_array_return_decl_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fixed_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fixed_array_to_string_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_assignment_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_call_comptime_array_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_call_fixed_array_literal_args_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_call_generic_array_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_call_interface_args_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_call_mut_array_of_aliases_args_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_call_mut_sumtype_args_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_call_using_anon_fn_call_args_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_call_with_newline_opening_brace_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_cross_assign_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_expecting_ref_but_returning_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_expecting_ref_but_returning_struct_time_module_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_fixed_array_ret_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_heap_promoted_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_high_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_index_direct_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_literal_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_multi_return_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_multiple_returns_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_mut_arg_of_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_mut_arg_of_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_mut_args_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_ptr_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_return_alias_of_ptr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_return_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_return_mut_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_return_opt_or_res_of_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_return_typeof_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_shared_return_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_type_aliases_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_type_call_of_match_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_type_only_argument_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_var_name_using_reserved_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_variadic_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_voidptr_param_call_with_nonpointer_rvalue_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_with_array_of_aliases_argument_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_with_fixed_array_args_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_with_fixed_array_function_args_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/fn_with_opt_or_res_of_multi_return_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_c_init_with_var_assign_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_c_init_with_var_inc_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_c_multi_vars_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_c_multiple_expressions_in_increment_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_c_stmt_with_option_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_c_stmt_with_result_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_comptime_selector_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_cond_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_in_alias_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_in_containers_of_fixed_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_in_iterator_of_generic_struct_1_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_in_iterator_of_generic_struct_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_in_iterator_of_generic_struct_3_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_in_iterator_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_in_map_of_pointers_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_in_mut_array_index_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_in_mut_array_with_infix_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_in_mut_array_with_mul_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_in_mut_iterator_val_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_in_mut_mutable_app_field_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_in_mut_reference_selector_val_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_in_mut_struct_val_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_in_mut_val_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_in_mut_val_with_if_val_in_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_in_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_in_ref_arr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_in_ref_map_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_label_continue_break_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_loop_with_option2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_loop_with_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_loops_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_loops_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_select_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_smartcast_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_sumtype_arr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/for_t_fields_with_comptime_if_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/forcomp_alias_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_array_clone_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_array_of_alias_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_array_of_sumtype_push_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_arrays_sum_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_call_mixing_args_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_chan_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_comparison_for_conditional_assign_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_complex_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_comptime_map_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_comptime_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_empty_interface_to_multi_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_empty_interface_to_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_assign_generics_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_call_map_keys_values_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_call_with_reference_argument_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_cast_to_alias_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_infer_fixed_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_infer_fn_type_argument_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_infer_fn_type_using_ref_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_infer_map_argument_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_infer_map_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_infer_modifier_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_infer_multi_paras_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_infer_nested_generic_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_infer_nested_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_infer_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_infer_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_infer_variadic_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_multi_return_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_returning_option_and_result_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_returning_type_with_T_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_typeof_name_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_upper_name_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_using_generic_type_in_if_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_with_anon_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_with_comptime_for_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_with_nested_generic_fn_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_with_short_generic_struct_init_syntax_1_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_fn_with_short_generic_struct_init_syntax_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_functions_with_normal_function_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_interface_array_type_infer_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_interface_infer_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_method_with_variadic_generic_args_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_operator_overload_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_recursive_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_resolve_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_selector_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_smartcast_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_static_method_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_struct_init_with_field_struct_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_struct_init_with_generic_cast_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_struct_init_with_reference_struct_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_struct_init_with_update_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_struct_recursive_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_sumtype_cast_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_sumtype_init_in_generic_fn_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_sumtype_insts_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_sumtype_method_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_sumtype_of_alias_generic_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_sumtype_str_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generic_with_ptr_as_param_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_T_typ_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_anon_fn_decl_with_type_only_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_array_append_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_array_builtin_method_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_array_delete_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_array_drop_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_array_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_array_map_with_generic_callback_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_array_method_call_with_multi_types_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_array_of_interface_method_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_array_of_threads_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_array_typedef_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_assign_reference_generic_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_call_with_fixed_array_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_call_with_interface_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_call_with_reference_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_chans_select_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_closure_fn_direct_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_closure_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_closures_with_different_generic_types_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_fixed_array_assign_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_fn_return_generic_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_fn_return_result_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_fn_return_types_with_generic_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_fn_variable_1_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_fn_variable_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_fn_variable_3_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_for_in_iterate_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_from_modules/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_from_modules/genericmodule/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_from_modules/genericmodule/take.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_from_modules/infer_generic_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_from_modules/inference_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_from_modules/newmodule/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_from_modules/newmodule/newmodule.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_in_big_struct_method_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_in_generics_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_indirect_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_interface_decl_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_interface_method_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_interface_with_generic_method_using_generic_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_interface_with_generic_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_interface_with_multi_generic_structs_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_interface_with_multi_generic_types_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_interface_with_non_generic_method_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_map_with_generic_type_key_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_method_call_with_short_syntax_args_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_method_on_alias_struct_receiver_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_method_on_embed_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_method_on_generic_structs_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_method_on_nested_struct2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_method_on_nested_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_method_on_receiver_aliases_types_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_method_on_receiver_types_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_method_ordering_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_method_returning_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_method_str_overload_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_method_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_method_variable_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_method_with_diff_generic_names_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_method_with_embedded_structs_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_method_with_generic_anon_fn_argument_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_method_with_multi_types_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_method_with_nested_generic_method_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_method_with_sumtype_args_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_multi_array_in_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_multi_type_comptime_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_multi_types_struct_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_nested_struct_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_return_fixed_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_return_generics_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_return_inconsistent_types_generics_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_return_multi_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_return_multiple_generics_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_return_recursive_generics_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_return_reference_generics_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_stack_of_sumtype_push_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_anon_fn_fields_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_anon_fn_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_field_with_default_fn_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_field_with_default_struct_value_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_field_with_generics_struct_elements_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_free_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_init_in_generic_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_init_with_generic_struct_items_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_init_with_inconsistent_generic_types_1_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_init_with_inconsistent_generic_types_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_init_with_inconsistent_generic_types_3_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_init_with_inconsistent_generic_types_4_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_init_with_inconsistent_generic_types_5_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_init_with_inconsistent_generic_types_6_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_init_with_inconsistent_generic_types_7_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_inst_method_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_method_params_is_generics_struct_and_not_called_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_no_key_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_parent_has_str_to_string_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_to_string_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_types_infer_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_with_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_with_inconsistent_generic_types_1_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_with_non_generic_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_struct_with_option_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_union_dump_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_anon_generics_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_assign_nested_generics_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_cascaded_multiple_nested_generics_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_complex_nested_generics_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_embed_generics_method_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_embed_generics_structs_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_embed_generics_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_fixed_array_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_generics_fn_return_generics_fn_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_generics_fn_return_generics_map_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_generics_fn_type_parameter_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_generics_struct_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_generics_struct_receiver_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_multi_generics_struct_types_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_multi_nested_generic_method_call_ref_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_multi_nested_generic_method_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_multiple_generics_struct_receiver_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_nested_external_generics_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_nested_generic_method_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_nested_generic_struct_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_nested_generic_type_parameter_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_nested_generics_fn_infer_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_nested_generics_fn_inst_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_nested_generics_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_pointer_index_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_recursive_generics_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_recursive_generics_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_reference_generic_args_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/generics_with_variadic_generic_args_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/go_anon_fn_call_with_ref_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/go_anon_fn_variable_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/go_array_wait_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/go_array_wait_without_go_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/go_call_anon_fn_with_closure_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/go_call_fn_return_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/go_call_fn_using_map_value_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/go_call_fn_with_anon_fn_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/go_call_fn_with_anon_fn_array_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/go_call_generic_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/go_call_interface_method_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/go_handle_for_functions_returning_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/go_wait_1_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/go_wait_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/go_wait_3_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/go_wait_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/go_wait_with_fn_of_interface_parameter_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/goto_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/heap_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/heap_reference_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/heap_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/high_ascii_const_rune_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_assign_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_cond_with_alias_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_cond_with_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_expr_nested_with_option_result_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_expr_of_multi_stmts_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_expr_of_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_expr_with_array_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_expr_with_continue_in_branch_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_expr_with_enum_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_expr_with_fn_call_result_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_expr_with_generic_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_expr_with_index_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_expr_with_method_call_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_expr_with_multi_array_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_expr_with_nested_array_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_expr_with_nested_match_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_expr_with_result_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_expr_with_struct_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_expr_with_sumtype_map_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_expr_with_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_expression_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_guard_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_guard_with_multi_return_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_guard_with_struct_option_fntype_field_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_match_branches_with_call_expr_with_or_block_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_smartcast_likely_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_smartcast_multi_conds_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_smartcast_nested_selector_exprs_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/if_smartcast_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/iface_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/ifcomp_expr_evaluate_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/ifexpr_with_option_result_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/import_aliases_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/imported_symbols_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/in_expression_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/infer_generic_array_type_in_nested_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/infix_expr_in_mut_receiver_method_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/infix_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/infix_expr_with_overflow_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/inherited_vars_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/init_global_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/init_multiple_branches_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/int_cmp_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/integer_size_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_and_embedded_struct_build_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_array_methods_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_auto_str_gen_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_auto_str_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_closure_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_edge_cases/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_edge_cases/array_of_interfaces_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_edge_cases/array_of_interfaces_with_utility_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_edge_cases/assign_to_interface_field_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_edge_cases/empty_interface_1_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_edge_cases/empty_interface_println_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_edge_cases/fn_returning_voidptr_casted_as_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_edge_cases/i1_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_edge_cases/i2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_edge_cases/i3_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_edge_cases/i4_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_edge_cases/i5_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_edge_cases/i6_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_edge_cases/i7_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_edge_cases/i8_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_edge_cases/i9_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_edge_cases/interface_many_named_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_edge_cases/pass_voidptr_as_interface_reference_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_edge_cases/voidptr_casted_as_an_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_embedding_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_embedding_complex_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_embedding_deep_nesting_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_embedding_method_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_embedding_recursive_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_embedding_smartcast_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_embedding_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_embedding_with_interface_para_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_eq_methods_with_option_and_ref_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_equality_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_fields_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_fields_typearray_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_fn_return_array_of_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_fn_return_with_struct_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_method_using_struct_embed_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_method_with_struct_embed_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_multi_return_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_nested_field_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_only_decl_with_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_runtime_conversions_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_str_method_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_struct_embedding_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_var_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_variadic_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_with_multi_nested_embed_1_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_with_multi_nested_embed_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_with_multi_nested_embed_3_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interface_with_option_field_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interfaces_map_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/interop_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/isreftype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/json_serialisation_of_fixed_arrays_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/json_with_struct_having_fields_with_default_values_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/keyword_escaping_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/known_errors/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/known_errors/known_errors_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/known_errors/testdata/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/known_errors/testdata/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/known_errors/testdata/cast_aliases_on_generics_type.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/known_errors/testdata/shared_in_alias_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/lambda_as_struct_field_value_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/lambda_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/lambda_expr_with_result_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/local/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/local/local.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/local_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/lock_selector_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_alias_key_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_and_array_with_fns_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_assign_array_of_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_assign_interface_values_with_implicit_casts_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_auto_str_ptr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_builtin_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_clear_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_complex_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_complex_fixed_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_enum_keys_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_equality_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_generic_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_get_anon_fn_value_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_get_anon_fn_value_with_mut_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_get_assign_blank_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_high_order_assign_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_init_with_enum_keys_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_init_with_multi_enum_keys_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_init_with_update_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_key_alias_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_key_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_literals_method_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_mut_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_reference_value_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_selector_assign_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_sumtype_value_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_sumtype_values_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_to_string_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_type_alias_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_value_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_value_with_option_result_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/map_with_selector_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/maps_equal_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/mark_as_referenced_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_aliases_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_array_of_reference_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_branch_with_array_expression_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_case_with_struct_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_compound_type_cond_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_const_range_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_error_to_none_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expr_in_infix_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expr_nested_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expr_nested_with_option_result1_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expr_nested_with_option_result2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expr_returning_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expr_returning_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expr_skip_in_infix_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expr_with_assign_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expr_with_branch_returning_1_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expr_with_branch_returning_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expr_with_enum_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expr_with_if_or_match_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expr_with_last_branch_aggregate_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expr_with_non_last_if_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expr_with_one_branch_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expr_with_opt_result_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expr_with_promote_number_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expr_with_result_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expr_with_string_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expr_with_struct_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expression_for_types_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expression_with_fn_names_in_branches_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_expression_with_for_loop_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_in_fn_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_in_if_expression_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_in_map_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_in_map_or_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_reference_sumtype_var_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_return_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_return_reference_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_smartcast_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_struct_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_sumtype_arr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_sumtype_var_aggregate_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_sumtype_var_aggregate_var_str_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_sumtype_var_return_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_sumtype_var_shadow_and_as_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_with_complex_exprs_in_branches_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_with_complex_sumtype_exprs_add_print_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_with_complex_sumtype_exprs_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_with_comptime_if_expr_in_branch_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_with_multi_sumtype_exprs_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/match_with_return_result_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/method_call_chained_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/method_call_none_check_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/method_call_on_aggregate_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/method_call_resolve_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/method_call_var_comp_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/method_first_last_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/methods_as_fields_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/methods_on_interfaces_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/missing_config_struct_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/mixed_fixed_array_and_array_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/module_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/module_type_cast_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/aa/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/aa/aa.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/alias_to_another_module/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/alias_to_another_module/alias.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/amodule/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/amodule/another_internal_module_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/amodule/internal_module_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/amodule/module.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/another_module/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/another_module/module.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/consts_with_complex_init/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/consts_with_complex_init/config.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/consts_with_complex_init/consts_should_not_conflict_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/consts_with_or_blocks_in_different_files/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/consts_with_or_blocks_in_different_files/config.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/consts_with_or_blocks_in_different_files/consts_should_not_conflict_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/ecs/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/ecs/ecs.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/enum_from_string_in_different_mods/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/enum_from_string_in_different_mods/src/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/enum_from_string_in_different_mods/src/main_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/enum_from_string_in_different_mods/src/mod/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/enum_from_string_in_different_mods/src/mod/mod.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/enum_from_string_in_different_mods/src/mod2/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/enum_from_string_in_different_mods/src/mod2/mod2.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/enum_from_string_in_different_mods/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/geometry/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/geometry/geometry.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/interface_from_another_module/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/interface_from_another_module/main_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/interface_from_another_module/mod/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/interface_from_another_module/mod/mod.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/methods_struct_another_module/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/methods_struct_another_module/import_symbol_static_method_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/methods_struct_another_module/methods_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/module_a/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/module_a/module_a.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/module_b/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/module_b/module_b.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/simplemodule/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/simplemodule/importing_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/simplemodule/simplemodule.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/sub/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/sub/foo/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/sub/foo.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/sub/foo/c/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/sub/foo/c/foo.h
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/sub/foo/c/foo.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/sub/foo/c/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/sub/sub_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/submodules/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/submodules/submodules.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/submodules/submodules_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/submodules/test/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/submodules/test/test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/submodules/test/test2/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/modules/submodules/test/test2/test2.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multi_line_with_options_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_arr_fixed_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_assign_array_index_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_assign_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_comptime_tmpl_in_one_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_embed_external_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_embed_struct_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_embed_struct_with_duplicate_field_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_fixed_array_var_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_generic_resolve_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_matchs_in_one_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_paths_in_vmodules/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_paths_in_vmodules/main.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_paths_in_vmodules/path1/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_paths_in_vmodules/path1/.gitignore
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_paths_in_vmodules/path1/xxx/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_paths_in_vmodules/path1/xxx/m.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_paths_in_vmodules/path2/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_paths_in_vmodules/path2/yyy/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_paths_in_vmodules/path2/yyy/m.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_paths_in_vmodules/path3/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_paths_in_vmodules/path3/zzz/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_paths_in_vmodules/path3/zzz/m.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiple_paths_in_vmodules/vmodules_overrides_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiret_in_or_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiret_with_maps_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiret_with_ptrtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiret_with_result_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/multiret_with_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/mut_receiver_of_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/mut_receiver_returned_as_reference_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/mut_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/named_break_continue_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/nest_defer_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/nested_anonfunc_and_for_break_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/nested_map_index_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/nested_map_of_fn_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/nested_map_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/nested_multiline_comments_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/nested_option_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/nested_option_struct_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/nested_or_expr_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/nested_struct_embed_method_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/nested_struct_embed_selector_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/none_checking_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/num_lit_call_method_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/offsetof_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/operator_overloading_cmp_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/operator_overloading_on_struct_with_too_many_fields_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/operator_overloading_with_reference_operands_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/operator_overloading_with_string_interpolation_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_alias_eq_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_arr_auto_str_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_array_dump_in_generic_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_array_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_array_submodule_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_assign_none_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_auto_eq_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_auto_heap_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_call_on_orexpr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_call_propagation_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_cast_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_compvar_types_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_compvar_val_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_concat_str_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_const_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_default_values_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_dump_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_empty_map_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_expr_with_array_value_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_fixed_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_generic_ptr_return_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_generic_return_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_if_assign_and_fallthrough_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_if_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_if_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_import_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_in_loop_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_init_ptr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_map_fn_type_value_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_map_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_map_none_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_map_value_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_match_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_match_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_multi_ret_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_multi_return_assign_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_multi_return_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_nested_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_operator_overload_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_or_block_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_or_result_fixed_arr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_print_errors_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_print_ptr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_ptr_arg_heap_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_ptr_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_ptr_cast_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_ptr_generic_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_ptr_iface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_ptr_init_empty_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_ptr_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_ptr_ptr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_ptr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_push_array_opt_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_return_fixed_arr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_selector_assign_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_selector_cast_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_selector_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_struct_compare_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_struct_field_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_struct_init_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_struct_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_struct_init_with_opt_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_struct_init_with_ref_opt_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_unwrap_assign_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_unwrap_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_unwrap_print_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_unwrap_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_var_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_var_cast_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_var_map_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_var_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_void_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/option_void_fn_return_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/or_expr_with_comptime_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/or_expr_with_multi_stmts_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/or_expr_with_nested_match_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/orm_create_several_tables_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/orm_enum_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/orm_handle_error_for_select_from_not_created_table_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/orm_joined_tables_select_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/orm_stmt_wrong_return_checking_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/orm_sub_array_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/orm_sub_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/orm_table_name_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/parse_invalid_map_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/parse_thread_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/parse_type_of_ref_array_from_another_mod_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/parser_line_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/passing_sumtype_parameter_in_sumtype_matching_results_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/pointer_arithmetic_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/pointers_multilevel_casts_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/pointers_str_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/pointers_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/prefix_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/print_address_of_reference_int_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/print_address_of_reference_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/print_anon_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/print_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/print_reference_function_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/print_smartcast_interface_variable_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/print_smartcast_variable_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/print_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/printing_c_structs/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/printing_c_structs/cstruct.h
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/printing_c_structs/string_interpolation_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/printing_c_structs/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code/.gitignore
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code/main.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code/main1_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code/mod1/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code/mod1/c/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code/mod1/c/header.h
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code/mod1/c/implementation.c
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code/mod1/wrapper.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_2/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_2/.gitignore
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_2/main.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_2/main2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_2/modc/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_2/modc/header.h
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_2/modc/impl.c
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_2/modc/wrapper.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_2/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_3/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_3/.gitignore
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_3/main.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_3/main3_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_3/mod1/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_3/mod1/wrapper.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_3/mod1/wrapper.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_3/mod1/wrapper.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_3/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_ct_ifs/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_ct_ifs/a_linux.h
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_ct_ifs/a_nonlinux.h
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_ct_ifs/ctimeifblock.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_c_code_ct_ifs/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_cpp_code/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_cpp_code/compiling_cpp_files_with_a_cplusplus_compiler_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_cpp_code/implementation.cpp
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_cpp_code/implementation.h
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_cpp_code/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_modules_having_submodules/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_modules_having_submodules/.gitignore
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_modules_having_submodules/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_modules_having_submodules/bin/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_modules_having_submodules/bin/a_program_under_bin_can_find_mod1_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_modules_having_submodules/bin/main.vsh
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_modules_having_submodules/mod1/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_modules_having_submodules/mod1/m.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_modules_having_submodules/mod1/mod11/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_modules_having_submodules/mod1/mod11/m.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_modules_having_submodules/mod1/mod12/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_modules_having_submodules/mod1/mod12/m.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_modules_having_submodules/mod1/mod13/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_modules_having_submodules/mod1/mod13/m.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_modules_having_submodules/mod1/mod14/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_modules_having_submodules/mod1/mod14/m.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_modules_having_submodules/mod1/submodule/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_modules_having_submodules/mod1/submodule/m.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_modules_having_submodules/mod1/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_modules_having_submodules/tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_modules_having_submodules/tests/submodule_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_modules_having_submodules/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_tests_for_main/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_tests_for_main/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_tests_for_main/main.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_tests_for_main/my_other_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_tests_for_main/my_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/project_with_tests_for_main/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/projects_that_should_compile_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/ptr_arithmetic_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/ptr_str_method_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/raw_string_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/ref_array_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/ref_return_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/ref_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/reference_return_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/reference_var_followed_block_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/reflection_sym_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/reflection_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/reliability/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/reliability/semaphore_wait.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/repeated_multiret_values_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/reserved_keywords_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/reserved_keywords_as_struct_field_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/reserved_keywords_can_be_escaped_with_at_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/reserved_keywords_if_guard_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/resolve_generic_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/result_with_index_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/results_multi_return_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/results_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/retry_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/return_aliases_of_fixed_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/return_comptime_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/return_error_in_if_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/return_fixed_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/return_if_expr_with_custom_error_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/return_in_lock_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/return_map_index_with_or_block_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/return_match_expr_of_sumtype_result_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/return_match_expr_with_custom_error_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/return_option_call_in_non_option_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/return_option_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/return_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/return_result_in_or_block_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/return_voidptr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/reusable_mut_multiret_values_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/run_v_code_from_stdin_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/scanner_and_and_not_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/script_with_no_extension
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/select_auto_sync_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/selectorexpr_alias_to_ptr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/selectorexpt_field_name_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/semaphore_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/semaphore_timed_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_array_any_filter_map_all_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_array_append_many_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_array_last_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_array_ptr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_array_sort_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_assign_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_autolock_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_elem_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_fn_return_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_generic_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_if_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_in_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_lock_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_lock_3_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_lock_4_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_lock_5_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_lock_6_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_lock_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_lock_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_map_delete_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_map_ptr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_map_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_str_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_struct_field_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_struct_method_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shared_unordered_mixed_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/shift_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/short_struct_param_syntax_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/sizeof_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/sizeof_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/assert_passes_test.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/assert_passes_test.skip_unused.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/assert_passes_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/assert_with_extra_message_works_test.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/assert_with_extra_message_works_test.skip_unused.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/assert_with_extra_message_works_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/assert_works_test.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/assert_works_test.skip_unused.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/assert_works_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/const_used_in_struct_default_init_recursive.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/const_used_in_struct_default_init_recursive.skip_unused.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/const_used_in_struct_default_init_recursive.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/generics_array_delete_method.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/generics_array_delete_method.skip_unused.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/generics_array_delete_method.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/generics_as_receiver.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/generics_as_receiver.skip_unused.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/generics_as_receiver.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/generics_method.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/generics_method.skip_unused.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/generics_method.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/gg_code.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/gg_code.skip_unused.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/gg_code.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/hw.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/hw.skip_unused.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/hw.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/json_decode_u32.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/json_decode_u32.skip_unused.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/json_decode_u32.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/method_as_fn_pointer.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/method_as_fn_pointer.skip_unused.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/method_as_fn_pointer.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/nested_generics_method.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/nested_generics_method.skip_unused.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/nested_generics_method.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/println_os_executable.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/println_os_executable.skip_unused.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/println_os_executable.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/shorthands_for_options_and_results_in_main.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/shorthands_for_options_and_results_in_main.skip_unused.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/shorthands_for_options_and_results_in_main.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/vweb_run_at.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/vweb_run_at.skip_unused.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/vweb_run_at.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/x_vweb_run_at.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/x_vweb_run_at.skip_unused.run.out
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/skip_unused/x_vweb_run_at.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/slice_rval_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/sorting_by_different_criteria_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/sorting_by_references_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/spawn_method_on_generic_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/sql_statement_inside_fn_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/static_arrays_using_const_for_size_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/static_vars_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/str_array_of_reference_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/str_circular_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/str_gen_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/str_reference_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_alias_of_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_alias_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_array_of_ref_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_escape_backslash_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_index_in_for_mut_in_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_index_or_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_interpolation_alias_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_interpolation_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_interpolation_custom_str_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_interpolation_float_fmt_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_interpolation_floats_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_interpolation_function_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_interpolation_inner_cbr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_interpolation_match_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_interpolation_multi_return_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_interpolation_multistmt_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_interpolation_of_array_of_structs_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_interpolation_shared_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_interpolation_string_args_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_interpolation_string_lit_with_fmt_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_interpolation_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_interpolation_struct_with_usize_field_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_interpolation_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_interpolation_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_interpolation_variadic_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_interpolation_with_inner_quotes_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_map_with_generic_struct_value_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_option_none_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_ref_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/string_struct_interpolation_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/strings_builder_shift_array_reverse_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/strings_unicode_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_allow_both_field_defaults_and_skip_flag_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_auto_eq_gen_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_chained_fields_correct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_child_field_default_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_embed_fn_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_embed_is_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_embed_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_embedding_with_interface_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_eq_op_only_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_equality_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_field_array_index_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_field_default_fn_type_value_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_field_default_value_interface_cast_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_field_default_value_sumtype_cast_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_field_fixed_array_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_field_fn_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_field_init_with_generic_anon_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_field_init_with_generic_fn_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_field_option_type_with_default_value_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_fields_required_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_fields_storing_functions_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_ierror_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_init_and_assign_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_init_update_with_generics_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_init_update_with_mutable_receiver_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_init_with_chan_field_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_init_with_complex_fields_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_init_with_embed_update_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_init_with_fixed_array_field_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_init_with_interface_field_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_init_with_interface_pointer_and_embed_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_init_with_multi_nested_embed_update_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_init_with_multi_option_fn_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_init_with_update_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_map_method_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_multi_embed_method_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_of_time_init_with_update_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_option_field_zero_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_selector_or_block_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_shared_field_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_shared_field_with_default_init_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_transmute_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/struct_with_reference_alias_field_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/structs_with_voidptr_fields_can_be_printed_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/sum_type_common_fields_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/sum_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/sumtype_array_methods_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/sumtype_as_cast_1_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/sumtype_as_cast_2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/sumtype_assign_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/sumtype_calls_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/sumtype_equality_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/sumtype_literal_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/sumtype_on_match_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/sumtype_ptr_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/sumtype_str_for_subtypes_with_str_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/sumtype_str_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/sumtype_with_alias_fntype_fn_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/sumtype_with_alias_fntype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/sumtype_with_fntype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/sumtype_with_struct_fn_field_call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/supports__likely__test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/swap_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/tag_autostr_allowrecurse_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testcase_leak.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/enum_in_builtin/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/enum_in_builtin/builtin.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/enum_in_builtin/c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/enum_in_builtin/main.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/modules_in_src/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/modules_in_src/modules/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/modules_in_src/modules/somemoduletwo/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/modules_in_src/modules/somemoduletwo/somemoduletwo.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/modules_in_src/src/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/modules_in_src/src/main.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/modules_in_src/src/modules/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/modules_in_src/src/modules/somemodule/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/modules_in_src/src/modules/somemodule/somemodule.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/modules_in_src/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/sizeof_used_in_assert_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/test_array_bound.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/tests_returning_options_failing_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/trace_calls/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/trace_calls/simple.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/trace_calls/simple.vv.must_match
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/trace_calls/single_println.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/trace_calls/single_println.vv.must_match
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/trace_calls/with_modules.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/trace_calls/with_modules.vv.must_match
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/aaa/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/aaa/aa1.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/aaa/aaa.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/bbb/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/bbb/bb1.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/bbb/bbb.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/ccc/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/ccc/cc1.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/ccc/cc2.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/ccc/ccc.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/ddd/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/ddd/dd1.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/ddd/ddd.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/main.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/v.mod
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/xx/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/xx/x1.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/xx/xx.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/yy/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/yy/y1.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/yy/yy.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/zz/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/zz/z1.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/testdata/usecache_and_mods/zz/zz.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/thread_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/thread_ptr_ret_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/thread_returns_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/thread_to_string_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/tmpl/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/tmpl/a.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/tmpl/b.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/tmpl/base.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/tmpl/include.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/tmpl/inner.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/tmpl/interpolation.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/tmpl/selective_interpolation_in_script_tag.html
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/tmpl/template.in
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/tmpl/template.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/tmpl_in_return_match_expr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/tmpl_script_tag_interpolation_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/tmpl_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/tmpl_using_variable_or_const_path_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/tmpl_with_double_quotes_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/tmpl_with_single_quotes_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/trace_calls_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/translated_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/type_alias_of_fn_with_mut_args_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/type_alias_of_pointer_types_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/type_alias_str_method_override_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/type_alias_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/type_idx_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/type_name_in_if_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/type_name_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/type_promotion_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/type_voidptr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/typeof_aggregate_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/typeof_name_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/typeof_simple_types_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/typeof_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/typeof_type_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/unaliased_typ_checking_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/unreachable_code_paths_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/unsafe_fixed_array_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/unsafe_test.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/unsigned_right_shift_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/use_alias_from_another_module_in_struct_field_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/var_name_using_reserved_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/var_option_arr_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/var_option_as_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/var_option_comptime_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/var_option_opt_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/var_option_opt_multi_return_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/var_option_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/var_option_sumtype_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/var_type_is_checking2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/var_type_is_checking_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/vargs_auto_str_method_and_println_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/vargs_empty_param_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/vargs_reference_param_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/vargs_with_enum_value_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/vmod_parser_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/voidptr_to_u64_cast_a_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/voidptr_to_u64_cast_b_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/volatile_vars_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/vsh_envbang_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/websocket_logger_interface_should_compile_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/tests/working_with_an_empty_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/token/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/token/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/v/token/keywords_matcher_trie.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/token/keywords_matcher_trie_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/token/pos.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/token/token.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/trace_calls/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/trace_calls/tracing_calls.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/trace_calls/tracing_calls_d_musl.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/trace_calls/tracing_calls_nix.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/trace_calls/tracing_calls_windows.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/transformer/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/transformer/index_state.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/transformer/transformer.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/util/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/util/diff/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/util/diff.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/util/diff/diff.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/util/errors.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/util/module.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/util/quote.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/util/recompilation/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/util/recompilation/recompilation.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/util/scanning.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/util/suggestions.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/util/surrounder.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/util/surrounder_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/util/timers.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/util/util.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/util/util.js.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/util/util.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/util/version/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/util/version/version.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/util/vtest/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/util/vtest/vtest.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/vcache/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/vcache/vcache.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/vcache/vcache_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/vet/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/vet/vet.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/vmod/
lib/vlang/vlib/v/vmod/parser.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/vmod/parser_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v/vmod/vmod.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/ast/
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/ast/ast.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/ast/desugar.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/builder/
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/builder/builder.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/builder/parse.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/builder/parse_parallel.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/builder/type_check.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/builder/util.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/errors/
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/errors/details.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/errors/error.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/errors/util.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/gen/
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/gen/v/
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/gen/v/gen.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/parser/
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/parser/parser.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/parser/type.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/pref/
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/pref/module.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/pref/pref.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/scanner/
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/scanner/scanner.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/tests/advance.v_
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/tests/generic_a.v_
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/tests/generic_fn.v_
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/tests/if_a.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/tests/selector_expr.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/tests/string_interpolation.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/tests/syntax.v_
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/tests/syntax_ambiguities.v_
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/tests/syntax_generics.v_
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/tests/typeof.v_
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/token/
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/token/position.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/token/token.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/token/util.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/types/
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/types/checker.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/types/module.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/types/object.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/types/scope.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/types/types.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/types/universe.v
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/util/
lib/vlang/vlib/v2/util/worker_pool.v
lib/vlang/vlib/veb/
lib/vlang/vlib/veb/auth/
lib/vlang/vlib/veb/auth/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/veb/auth/auth.v
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/assets/
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/assets/assets.v
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/assets/assets_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/csrf/
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/csrf/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/csrf/csrf.v
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/csrf/csrf_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/parse.v
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/route_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/sse/
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/sse/sse.v
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/tests/controller_duplicate_server.v
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/tests/controller_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/tests/controller_test_server.v
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/tests/dynamic_template_manager_test_server/
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/tests/dynamic_template_manager_test_server/dynamic_template_manager_test_server.v
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/tests/dynamic_template_manager_test_server/static/
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/tests/dynamic_template_manager_test_server/static/index.css
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/tests/dynamic_template_manager_test_server/templates/
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/tests/dynamic_template_manager_test_server/templates/comment.html
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/tests/dynamic_template_manager_test_server/templates/index.html
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/tests/dynamic_template_manager_test_server/vcache_dtm/
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/tests/dynamic_template_manager_test_server/vcache_dtm/.gitkeep
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/tests/middleware_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/tests/middleware_test_server.v
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/tests/vweb_should_listen_on_both_ipv4_and_ipv6_by_default_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/tests/vweb_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/tests/vweb_test_server/
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/tests/vweb_test_server/server.v
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/vweb.v
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/vweb_app_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/vweb/vweb_livereload.v
lib/vlang/vlib/wasm/
lib/vlang/vlib/wasm/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/wasm/constant.v
lib/vlang/vlib/wasm/encoding.v
lib/vlang/vlib/wasm/functions.v
lib/vlang/vlib/wasm/instructions.v
lib/vlang/vlib/wasm/module.v
lib/vlang/vlib/wasm/tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/wasm/tests/arith_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/wasm/tests/block_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/wasm/tests/call_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/wasm/tests/common.v
lib/vlang/vlib/wasm/tests/debug_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/wasm/tests/patch_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/wasm/tests/var_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/chacha20/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/chacha20/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/chacha20/chacha.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/chacha20/chacha_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/chacha20/xchacha.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/chacha20/xchacha_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/chacha20poly1305/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/chacha20poly1305/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/chacha20poly1305/chacha20poly1305.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/chacha20poly1305/chacha20poly1305_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/chacha20poly1305/usage_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/poly1305/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/poly1305/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/poly1305/custom.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/poly1305/poly1305.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/poly1305/poly1305_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/poly1305/usage_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/sm4/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/sm4/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/sm4/SM4.pdf
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/sm4/sm4.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/crypto/sm4/sm4_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/count.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/count_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/decoder.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/encoder.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/json2.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/scanner.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/scanner_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/strict/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/strict/strict.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/strict/strict_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/strict/strict_test_todo.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/tests/any_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/tests/decode_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/tests/decode_struct_todo_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/tests/decoder_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/tests/encode_option_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/tests/encode_struct_skippable_fields_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/tests/encode_struct_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/tests/encode_struct_todo_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/tests/encoder_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/tests/integer_primitives_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/tests/json2_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/tests/json_module_compatibility_test/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/tests/json_module_compatibility_test/json_decode_todo_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/tests/json_module_compatibility_test/json_decode_with_encode_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/tests/json_module_compatibility_test/json_decode_with_generic_todo_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/tests/json_module_compatibility_test/json_decode_with_option_arg_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/tests/json_module_compatibility_test/json_decode_with_sumtype_todo_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/tests/json_module_compatibility_test/json_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/tests/json_module_compatibility_test/json_todo_test.vv
lib/vlang/vlib/x/json2/types.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/sessions/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/sessions/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/x/sessions/db_store.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/sessions/memory_store.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/sessions/sessions.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/sessions/store.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/sessions/tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/sessions/tests/db_store_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/sessions/tests/memory_store_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/sessions/tests/session_app_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/sessions/tests/session_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/sessions/vweb2_middleware/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/sessions/vweb2_middleware/vweb2_middleware.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/templating/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/templating/dtm/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/templating/dtm/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/x/templating/dtm/dynamic_template_manager.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/templating/dtm/dynamic_template_manager_cache_system_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/templating/dtm/dynamic_template_manager_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/templating/dtm/escape_html_strings_in_templates.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/templating/dtm/tmpl.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/ttf/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/ttf/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/x/ttf/common.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/ttf/render_bmp.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/ttf/render_sokol_cpu.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/ttf/text_block.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/ttf/ttf.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/ttf/ttf_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/ttf/ttf_test_data.bin
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/assets/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/assets/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/assets/assets.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/assets/assets_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/context.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/controller.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/csrf/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/csrf/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/csrf/csrf.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/csrf/csrf_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/escape_html_strings_in_templates.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/middleware.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/parse.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/route_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/sendfile_linux.c.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/sse/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/sse/README.md
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/sse/sse.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/sse/sse_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/static_handler.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/tests/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/tests/controller_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/tests/cors_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/tests/large_payload_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/tests/middleware_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/tests/persistent_connection_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/tests/static_handler_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/tests/testdata/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/tests/testdata/root.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/tests/testdata/sub.folder/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/tests/testdata/sub.folder/sub_folder/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/tests/testdata/sub.folder/sub_folder/index.htm
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/tests/testdata/sub.folder/sub_folder/sub.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/tests/testdata/sub_folder/
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/tests/testdata/sub_folder/index.htm
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/tests/testdata/sub_folder/sub.txt
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/tests/testdata/unkown_mime.what
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/tests/vweb_app_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/tests/vweb_should_listen_on_both_ipv4_and_ipv6_by_default_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/tests/vweb_test.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/tests/vweb_test_server.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/vweb.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/vweb/vweb_livereload.v
lib/vlang/vlib/x/x.v
share/doc/vlang/
share/doc/vlang/docs.md
share/doc/vlang/img/
share/doc/vlang/img/vscode-debugger.png
share/doc/vlang/packaging_v_for_distributions.md
share/doc/vlang/upcoming.md
share/doc/vlang/vscode.md
share/examples/vlang/
share/examples/vlang/.gitignore
share/examples/vlang/2048/
share/examples/vlang/2048/.gitignore
share/examples/vlang/2048/2048.v
share/examples/vlang/2048/LICENSE
share/examples/vlang/2048/README.md
share/examples/vlang/2048/demo.png
share/examples/vlang/2048/index.html
share/examples/vlang/2048/v.mod
share/examples/vlang/asm.v
share/examples/vlang/assets/
share/examples/vlang/assets/fonts/
share/examples/vlang/assets/fonts/Graduate-Regular.ttf
share/examples/vlang/assets/fonts/Imprima-Regular.ttf
share/examples/vlang/assets/fonts/LICENSE
share/examples/vlang/assets/fonts/OFL.txt
share/examples/vlang/assets/fonts/RobotoMono-Regular.ttf
share/examples/vlang/assets/logo.png
share/examples/vlang/binary_search_tree.v
share/examples/vlang/brainvuck.v
share/examples/vlang/bst_map.v
share/examples/vlang/buf_reader.v
share/examples/vlang/c_interop_wkhtmltopdf.v
share/examples/vlang/call_c_from_v/
share/examples/vlang/call_c_from_v/main.c.v
share/examples/vlang/call_v_from_c/
share/examples/vlang/call_v_from_c/.gitignore
share/examples/vlang/call_v_from_c/README.md
share/examples/vlang/call_v_from_c/test_math.c
share/examples/vlang/call_v_from_c/test_print.c
share/examples/vlang/call_v_from_c/v_test_math.v
share/examples/vlang/call_v_from_c/v_test_print.v
share/examples/vlang/call_v_from_python/
share/examples/vlang/call_v_from_python/README.md
share/examples/vlang/call_v_from_python/test.py
share/examples/vlang/call_v_from_python/test.v
share/examples/vlang/call_v_from_ruby/
share/examples/vlang/call_v_from_ruby/README.md
share/examples/vlang/call_v_from_ruby/test.rb
share/examples/vlang/call_v_from_ruby/test.v
share/examples/vlang/cli.v
share/examples/vlang/clock/
share/examples/vlang/clock/clock.v
share/examples/vlang/compiletime/
share/examples/vlang/compiletime/methods.v
share/examples/vlang/compiletime/reflection.v
share/examples/vlang/concurrency/
share/examples/vlang/concurrency/concurrency.v
share/examples/vlang/concurrency/concurrency_http.v
share/examples/vlang/concurrency/concurrency_returns.v
share/examples/vlang/control_thread_stack_size.v
share/examples/vlang/coroutines/
share/examples/vlang/coroutines/coroutines_bench.v
share/examples/vlang/coroutines/simple_coroutines.v
share/examples/vlang/custom_error.v
share/examples/vlang/database/
share/examples/vlang/database/mysql.v
share/examples/vlang/database/orm.v
share/examples/vlang/database/psql/
share/examples/vlang/database/psql/.gitignore
share/examples/vlang/database/psql/customer.v
share/examples/vlang/database/psql/mydb.sql
share/examples/vlang/database/sqlite.v
share/examples/vlang/dump_factorial.v
share/examples/vlang/dynamic_library_loader/
share/examples/vlang/dynamic_library_loader/modules/
share/examples/vlang/dynamic_library_loader/modules/library/
share/examples/vlang/dynamic_library_loader/modules/library/library.v
share/examples/vlang/dynamic_library_loader/use_shared_library.v
share/examples/vlang/dynamic_library_loader/use_test.v
share/examples/vlang/dynamic_library_loading/
share/examples/vlang/dynamic_library_loading/modules/
share/examples/vlang/dynamic_library_loading/modules/library/
share/examples/vlang/dynamic_library_loading/modules/library/library.v
share/examples/vlang/dynamic_library_loading/use_dl_module.v
share/examples/vlang/dynamic_library_loading/use_library_test.v
share/examples/vlang/errors.v
share/examples/vlang/eventbus/
share/examples/vlang/eventbus/eventbus.v
share/examples/vlang/eventbus/modules/
share/examples/vlang/eventbus/modules/some_module/
share/examples/vlang/eventbus/modules/some_module/some_module.v
share/examples/vlang/fetch.v
share/examples/vlang/fetch_ip.v
share/examples/vlang/fibonacci.v
share/examples/vlang/file_list.v
share/examples/vlang/fireworks/
share/examples/vlang/fireworks/fireworks.v
share/examples/vlang/fireworks/modules/
share/examples/vlang/fireworks/modules/objects/
share/examples/vlang/fireworks/modules/objects/color.v
share/examples/vlang/fireworks/modules/objects/constants.v
share/examples/vlang/fireworks/modules/objects/particle.v
share/examples/vlang/fireworks/modules/objects/rocket.v
share/examples/vlang/fireworks/modules/objects/vector.v
share/examples/vlang/fizz_buzz.v
share/examples/vlang/flappylearning/
share/examples/vlang/flappylearning/.gitignore
share/examples/vlang/flappylearning/LICENSE
share/examples/vlang/flappylearning/README.md
share/examples/vlang/flappylearning/assets/
share/examples/vlang/flappylearning/assets/img/
share/examples/vlang/flappylearning/assets/img/background.png
share/examples/vlang/flappylearning/assets/img/bird.png
share/examples/vlang/flappylearning/assets/img/flappy.png
share/examples/vlang/flappylearning/assets/img/pipebottom.png
share/examples/vlang/flappylearning/assets/img/pipetop.png
share/examples/vlang/flappylearning/game.v
share/examples/vlang/flappylearning/modules/
share/examples/vlang/flappylearning/modules/neuroevolution/
share/examples/vlang/flappylearning/modules/neuroevolution/neuronevolution.v
share/examples/vlang/function_types.v
share/examples/vlang/game_of_life/
share/examples/vlang/game_of_life/README.md
share/examples/vlang/game_of_life/life.v
share/examples/vlang/game_of_life/life_gg.v
share/examples/vlang/game_of_life/modules/
share/examples/vlang/game_of_life/modules/automaton/
share/examples/vlang/game_of_life/modules/automaton/automaton.v
share/examples/vlang/get_weather/
share/examples/vlang/get_weather/README.md
share/examples/vlang/get_weather/get_weather.v
share/examples/vlang/gg/
share/examples/vlang/gg/additive.v
share/examples/vlang/gg/arcs_and_slices.v
share/examples/vlang/gg/bezier.v
share/examples/vlang/gg/bezier_anim.v
share/examples/vlang/gg/cursor.v
share/examples/vlang/gg/drag_n_drop.v
share/examples/vlang/gg/draw_pixels.v
share/examples/vlang/gg/mandelbrot.v
share/examples/vlang/gg/many_thousands_of_circles.v
share/examples/vlang/gg/minimal.v
share/examples/vlang/gg/path_finding_algorithm_visualizer/
share/examples/vlang/gg/path_finding_algorithm_visualizer/LICENSE
share/examples/vlang/gg/path_finding_algorithm_visualizer/README.md
share/examples/vlang/gg/path_finding_algorithm_visualizer/aStar.v
share/examples/vlang/gg/path_finding_algorithm_visualizer/screenshot.png
share/examples/vlang/gg/polygons.v
share/examples/vlang/gg/random.v
share/examples/vlang/gg/raven_text_rendering.v
share/examples/vlang/gg/rectangles.v
share/examples/vlang/gg/rotating_textured_quad.v
share/examples/vlang/gg/sample_count.v
share/examples/vlang/gg/stars.v
share/examples/vlang/gg/worker_thread.v
share/examples/vlang/graphs/
share/examples/vlang/graphs/bellman-ford.v
share/examples/vlang/graphs/bfs.v
share/examples/vlang/graphs/bfs2.v
share/examples/vlang/graphs/bfs3.v
share/examples/vlang/graphs/dfs.v
share/examples/vlang/graphs/dfs2.v
share/examples/vlang/graphs/dijkstra.v
share/examples/vlang/graphs/minimal_spann_tree_prim.v
share/examples/vlang/graphs/topological_sorting_dfs.v
share/examples/vlang/graphs/topological_sorting_greedy.v
share/examples/vlang/hanoi.v
share/examples/vlang/hello_v_js.v
share/examples/vlang/hello_world.v
share/examples/vlang/hot_reload/
share/examples/vlang/hot_reload/.gitignore
share/examples/vlang/hot_reload/bounce.v
share/examples/vlang/hot_reload/graph.v
share/examples/vlang/hot_reload/message.v
share/examples/vlang/http_server.v
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_cube/
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_cube/README.md
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_cube/cube.js.v
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_cube/index.html
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw/
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw/README.md
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw/draw.js.v
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw/index.html
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/README.md
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/chart/
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/chart/.gitignore
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/chart/Dockerfile
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/chart/README.md
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/chart/draw.js.v
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/chart/favicon.ico
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/chart/main.v
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/chart/templates/
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/chart/templates/controller/
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/chart/templates/controller/get/
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/chart/templates/controller/get/all/
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/chart/templates/controller/get/all/task.html
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/typescript_vanilla_typeorm/
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/typescript_vanilla_typeorm/.gitignore
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/typescript_vanilla_typeorm/package.json
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/typescript_vanilla_typeorm/src/
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/typescript_vanilla_typeorm/src/index.ts
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/typescript_vanilla_typeorm/src/server.js
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/typescript_vanilla_typeorm/tsconfig.json
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/v_vweb_orm/
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/v_vweb_orm/src/
share/examples/vlang/js_dom_draw_benchmark_chart/v_vweb_orm/src/main.v
share/examples/vlang/json.v
share/examples/vlang/lander.v
share/examples/vlang/linear_regression/
share/examples/vlang/linear_regression/simple_linear_regression.v
share/examples/vlang/links_scraper.v
share/examples/vlang/log.v
share/examples/vlang/logfatal.v
share/examples/vlang/macos_tray/
share/examples/vlang/macos_tray/icon.png
share/examples/vlang/macos_tray/tray.m
share/examples/vlang/macos_tray/tray.v
share/examples/vlang/macos_tray/v.mod
share/examples/vlang/mini_calculator.v
share/examples/vlang/native/
share/examples/vlang/native/hello_world.v
share/examples/vlang/nbody.v
share/examples/vlang/net_failconnect.v
share/examples/vlang/net_peer_ip.v
share/examples/vlang/net_raw_http.v
share/examples/vlang/net_resolve.v
share/examples/vlang/net_t.v
share/examples/vlang/net_udp_server_and_client.v
share/examples/vlang/news_fetcher.v
share/examples/vlang/password/
share/examples/vlang/password/password.v
share/examples/vlang/password/password_test.v
share/examples/vlang/password/tests/
share/examples/vlang/password/tests/correct.expect
share/examples/vlang/password/tests/incorrect.expect
share/examples/vlang/password/tests/output_from_expect_arg.expect
share/examples/vlang/path_tracing.v
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/.gitignore
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/LICENSE
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/README.md
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/animation.v
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/full.v
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/modules/
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/modules/sim/
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/modules/sim/anim/
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/modules/sim/anim/app.v
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/modules/sim/anim/worker.v
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/modules/sim/args/
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/modules/sim/args/parser.v
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/modules/sim/img/
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/modules/sim/img/ppm.v
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/modules/sim/img/worker.v
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/modules/sim/img/writer.v
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/modules/sim/log.v
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/modules/sim/params.v
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/modules/sim/params_test.v
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/modules/sim/runner.v
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/modules/sim/sim.v
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/modules/sim/sim_test.v
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/modules/sim/vec.v
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/modules/sim/vec_test.v
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/modules/sim/worker.v
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/modules/sim/worker_test.v
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/parallel.v
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/parallel_with_iw.v
share/examples/vlang/pendulum-simulation/sequential.v
share/examples/vlang/pico/
share/examples/vlang/pico/pico.v
share/examples/vlang/pico/raw_callback.v
share/examples/vlang/process/
share/examples/vlang/process/.ignore
share/examples/vlang/process/command.v
share/examples/vlang/process/execve.v
share/examples/vlang/process/process_script.v
share/examples/vlang/process/wrapping_interactive_python.v
share/examples/vlang/process/write_and_read_from_a_bash_child_process.v
share/examples/vlang/quadtree_demo/
share/examples/vlang/quadtree_demo/quadtree_demo.v
share/examples/vlang/quick_sort.v
share/examples/vlang/random_ips.v
share/examples/vlang/readdir.v
share/examples/vlang/readline/
share/examples/vlang/readline/readline.v
share/examples/vlang/readline/readline_test.v
share/examples/vlang/readline/tests/
share/examples/vlang/readline/tests/readline.expect
share/examples/vlang/readline/tests/readline_from_expect_arg.expect
share/examples/vlang/regex/
share/examples/vlang/regex/pcre.vv
share/examples/vlang/regex/readme.md
share/examples/vlang/regex/regex_example.v
share/examples/vlang/regex/regex_with_memoization.v
share/examples/vlang/rule110.v
share/examples/vlang/rune.v
share/examples/vlang/smtp/
share/examples/vlang/smtp/mail.v
share/examples/vlang/snek/
share/examples/vlang/snek/README.md
share/examples/vlang/snek/index.html
share/examples/vlang/snek/snek.js.v
share/examples/vlang/snek/snek.v
share/examples/vlang/sokol/
share/examples/vlang/sokol/.gitignore
share/examples/vlang/sokol/01_cubes/
share/examples/vlang/sokol/01_cubes/cube.v
share/examples/vlang/sokol/02_cubes_glsl/
share/examples/vlang/sokol/02_cubes_glsl/cube_glsl.glsl
share/examples/vlang/sokol/02_cubes_glsl/cube_glsl.v
share/examples/vlang/sokol/02_cubes_glsl/v.mod
share/examples/vlang/sokol/03_march_tracing_glsl/
share/examples/vlang/sokol/03_march_tracing_glsl/rt_glsl.glsl
share/examples/vlang/sokol/03_march_tracing_glsl/rt_glsl.v
share/examples/vlang/sokol/03_march_tracing_glsl/v.mod
share/examples/vlang/sokol/04_multi_shader_glsl/
share/examples/vlang/sokol/04_multi_shader_glsl/rt_glsl.v
share/examples/vlang/sokol/04_multi_shader_glsl/rt_glsl_march.glsl
share/examples/vlang/sokol/04_multi_shader_glsl/rt_glsl_puppy.glsl
share/examples/vlang/sokol/04_multi_shader_glsl/v.mod
share/examples/vlang/sokol/05_instancing_glsl/
share/examples/vlang/sokol/05_instancing_glsl/rt_glsl.v
share/examples/vlang/sokol/05_instancing_glsl/rt_glsl_instancing.glsl
share/examples/vlang/sokol/05_instancing_glsl/v.mod
share/examples/vlang/sokol/06_obj_viewer/
share/examples/vlang/sokol/06_obj_viewer/assets/
share/examples/vlang/sokol/06_obj_viewer/assets/models/
share/examples/vlang/sokol/06_obj_viewer/assets/models/cube.obj
share/examples/vlang/sokol/06_obj_viewer/assets/models/donut.mtl
share/examples/vlang/sokol/06_obj_viewer/assets/models/donut.obj
share/examples/vlang/sokol/06_obj_viewer/assets/models/floor.obj
share/examples/vlang/sokol/06_obj_viewer/assets/models/hollowcube.obj
share/examples/vlang/sokol/06_obj_viewer/assets/models/snub_cube.obj
share/examples/vlang/sokol/06_obj_viewer/assets/models/trunc_cube.obj
share/examples/vlang/sokol/06_obj_viewer/assets/models/utahTeapot.obj
share/examples/vlang/sokol/06_obj_viewer/assets/models/v.mtl
share/examples/vlang/sokol/06_obj_viewer/assets/models/v.obj
share/examples/vlang/sokol/06_obj_viewer/gouraud.glsl
share/examples/vlang/sokol/06_obj_viewer/modules/
share/examples/vlang/sokol/06_obj_viewer/modules/obj/
share/examples/vlang/sokol/06_obj_viewer/modules/obj/obj.v
share/examples/vlang/sokol/06_obj_viewer/modules/obj/rend.v
share/examples/vlang/sokol/06_obj_viewer/modules/obj/struct.v
share/examples/vlang/sokol/06_obj_viewer/modules/obj/util.v
share/examples/vlang/sokol/06_obj_viewer/show_obj.v
share/examples/vlang/sokol/06_obj_viewer/v.mod
share/examples/vlang/sokol/drawing.v
share/examples/vlang/sokol/fonts.v
share/examples/vlang/sokol/freetype_raven.v
share/examples/vlang/sokol/particles/
share/examples/vlang/sokol/particles/modules/
share/examples/vlang/sokol/particles/modules/particle/
share/examples/vlang/sokol/particles/modules/particle/LICENSE
share/examples/vlang/sokol/particles/modules/particle/color.v
share/examples/vlang/sokol/particles/modules/particle/particle.v
share/examples/vlang/sokol/particles/modules/particle/system.v
share/examples/vlang/sokol/particles/modules/particle/v.mod
share/examples/vlang/sokol/particles/particles.v
share/examples/vlang/sokol/simple_shader_glsl/
share/examples/vlang/sokol/simple_shader_glsl/.gitignore
share/examples/vlang/sokol/simple_shader_glsl/simple_shader.glsl
share/examples/vlang/sokol/simple_shader_glsl/simple_shader.v
share/examples/vlang/sokol/simple_shader_glsl/v.mod
share/examples/vlang/sokol/sounds/
share/examples/vlang/sokol/sounds/melody.v
share/examples/vlang/sokol/sounds/simple_sin_tones.v
share/examples/vlang/sokol/sounds/uhoh.wav
share/examples/vlang/sokol/sounds/wav_player.v
share/examples/vlang/spectral.v
share/examples/vlang/ssl_server/
share/examples/vlang/ssl_server/cert/
share/examples/vlang/ssl_server/cert/ca.crt
share/examples/vlang/ssl_server/cert/client.crt
share/examples/vlang/ssl_server/cert/client.key
share/examples/vlang/ssl_server/cert/server.crt
share/examples/vlang/ssl_server/cert/server.key
share/examples/vlang/ssl_server/client.v
share/examples/vlang/ssl_server/server.v
share/examples/vlang/submodule/
share/examples/vlang/submodule/main.v
share/examples/vlang/submodule/mymodules/
share/examples/vlang/submodule/mymodules/main_functions.v
share/examples/vlang/submodule/mymodules/submodule/
share/examples/vlang/submodule/mymodules/submodule/sub_functions.v
share/examples/vlang/submodule/v.mod
share/examples/vlang/tcp_echo_server.v
share/examples/vlang/tcp_notify_echo_server.v
share/examples/vlang/templates/
share/examples/vlang/templates/data.json
share/examples/vlang/templates/readme.md
share/examples/vlang/templates/template.md
share/examples/vlang/templates/templates.v
share/examples/vlang/term.ui/
share/examples/vlang/term.ui/README.md
share/examples/vlang/term.ui/cursor_chaser.v
share/examples/vlang/term.ui/event_viewer.v
share/examples/vlang/term.ui/pong.v
share/examples/vlang/term.ui/rectangles.v
share/examples/vlang/term.ui/screenshot_pong.png
share/examples/vlang/term.ui/term_drawing.v
share/examples/vlang/term.ui/text_editor.v
share/examples/vlang/term.ui/vyper.v
share/examples/vlang/terminal_control.v
share/examples/vlang/tetris/
share/examples/vlang/tetris/.gitignore
share/examples/vlang/tetris/README.md
share/examples/vlang/tetris/index.html
share/examples/vlang/tetris/screenshot.png
share/examples/vlang/tetris/tetris.js.v
share/examples/vlang/tetris/tetris.v
share/examples/vlang/toml.v
share/examples/vlang/tree_of_nodes.v
share/examples/vlang/ttf_font/
share/examples/vlang/ttf_font/example_ttf.v
share/examples/vlang/v_script.vsh
share/examples/vlang/vcasino/
share/examples/vlang/vcasino/README.md
share/examples/vlang/vcasino/vcasino.v
share/examples/vlang/viewer/
share/examples/vlang/viewer/LICENSE
share/examples/vlang/viewer/README.md
share/examples/vlang/viewer/file_scan.v
share/examples/vlang/viewer/v.mod
share/examples/vlang/viewer/view.v
share/examples/vlang/viewer/zip_container.v
share/examples/vlang/vmod.v
share/examples/vlang/vpwgen.v
share/examples/vlang/vwatch/
share/examples/vlang/vwatch/cli_clock/
share/examples/vlang/vwatch/cli_clock/main.v
share/examples/vlang/vwatch/web_server/
share/examples/vlang/vwatch/web_server/.gitignore
share/examples/vlang/vwatch/web_server/main.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb/
share/examples/vlang/vweb/cors/
share/examples/vlang/vweb/cors/vweb_cors_example.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb/custom.html
share/examples/vlang/vweb/file_transform/
share/examples/vlang/vweb/file_transform/file_transform.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb/file_transform/index.html
share/examples/vlang/vweb/file_transform/sample_input.txt
share/examples/vlang/vweb/file_transform/upload.html
share/examples/vlang/vweb/file_upload/
share/examples/vlang/vweb/file_upload/file_uploading.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb/file_upload/index.html
share/examples/vlang/vweb/file_upload/submit.html
share/examples/vlang/vweb/file_upload/upload.html
share/examples/vlang/vweb/footer.html
share/examples/vlang/vweb/header.html
share/examples/vlang/vweb/index.html
share/examples/vlang/vweb/middleware/
share/examples/vlang/vweb/middleware/templates/
share/examples/vlang/vweb/middleware/templates/base.html
share/examples/vlang/vweb/middleware/templates/early.html
share/examples/vlang/vweb/middleware/templates/index.html
share/examples/vlang/vweb/middleware/templates/secret.html
share/examples/vlang/vweb/middleware/using_middleware.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb/server_sent_events/
share/examples/vlang/vweb/server_sent_events/assets/
share/examples/vlang/vweb/server_sent_events/assets/site.css
share/examples/vlang/vweb/server_sent_events/assets/v-logo.svg
share/examples/vlang/vweb/server_sent_events/favicon.ico
share/examples/vlang/vweb/server_sent_events/index.html
share/examples/vlang/vweb/server_sent_events/server.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb/static_website/
share/examples/vlang/vweb/static_website/README.md
share/examples/vlang/vweb/static_website/dist/
share/examples/vlang/vweb/static_website/dist/another.html
share/examples/vlang/vweb/static_website/dist/index.html
share/examples/vlang/vweb/static_website/server.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb/vweb_assets/
share/examples/vlang/vweb/vweb_assets/assets/
share/examples/vlang/vweb/vweb_assets/assets/index.css
share/examples/vlang/vweb/vweb_assets/assets/v-logo.svg
share/examples/vlang/vweb/vweb_assets/favicon.ico
share/examples/vlang/vweb/vweb_assets/index.html
share/examples/vlang/vweb/vweb_assets/vweb_assets.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb/vweb_example.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb/vweb_websocket/
share/examples/vlang/vweb/vweb_websocket/assets/
share/examples/vlang/vweb/vweb_websocket/assets/websocket_client.js
share/examples/vlang/vweb/vweb_websocket/index.html
share/examples/vlang/vweb/vweb_websocket/vweb_websocket.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/.editorconfig
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/.gitattributes
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/.gitignore
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/LICENSE
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/readme.md
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/assets/
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/assets/favicon.ico
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/assets/v-logo.svg
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/assets/veasel.png
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/auth_controllers.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/auth_dto.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/auth_services.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/databases/
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/databases/config_databases_sqlite.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/index.html
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/main.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/product_controller.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/product_entities.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/product_service.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/product_view.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/product_view_api.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/templates/
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/templates/header_component.html
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/templates/products.css
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/templates/products.html
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/user_controllers.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/user_entities.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/user_services.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/user_view_api.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_fullstack/src/v.mod
share/examples/vlang/vweb_orm_jwt/
share/examples/vlang/vweb_orm_jwt/.editorconfig
share/examples/vlang/vweb_orm_jwt/.gitattributes
share/examples/vlang/vweb_orm_jwt/.gitignore
share/examples/vlang/vweb_orm_jwt/src/
share/examples/vlang/vweb_orm_jwt/src/auth_controllers.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_orm_jwt/src/auth_dto.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_orm_jwt/src/auth_services.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_orm_jwt/src/databases/
share/examples/vlang/vweb_orm_jwt/src/databases/config_databases_sqlite.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_orm_jwt/src/main.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_orm_jwt/src/user_controllers.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_orm_jwt/src/user_entities.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_orm_jwt/src/user_services.v
share/examples/vlang/vweb_orm_jwt/src/v.mod
share/examples/vlang/wasm/
share/examples/vlang/wasm/.gitignore
share/examples/vlang/wasm/change_color_by_id/
share/examples/vlang/wasm/change_color_by_id/README.md
share/examples/vlang/wasm/change_color_by_id/change_color_by_id.html
share/examples/vlang/wasm/change_color_by_id/change_color_by_id.wasm.v
share/examples/vlang/wasm/change_color_by_id/favicon.ico
share/examples/vlang/wasm/change_color_by_id/serve_folder.v
share/examples/vlang/wasm/functions.v
share/examples/vlang/wasm/hello_world.v
share/examples/vlang/wasm/mandelbrot/
share/examples/vlang/wasm/mandelbrot/README.md
share/examples/vlang/wasm/mandelbrot/favicon.ico
share/examples/vlang/wasm/mandelbrot/mandelbrot.html
share/examples/vlang/wasm/mandelbrot/mandelbrot.wasm.v
share/examples/vlang/wasm/mandelbrot/serve_folder.v
share/examples/vlang/wasm_codegen/
share/examples/vlang/wasm_codegen/add.v
share/examples/vlang/wasm_codegen/bf_compiler.v
share/examples/vlang/wasm_codegen/control_flow.v
share/examples/vlang/wasm_codegen/factorial.v
share/examples/vlang/wasm_codegen/functions.v
share/examples/vlang/wasm_codegen/hello_wasi.v
share/examples/vlang/wasm_codegen/memory.v
share/examples/vlang/web_crawler/
share/examples/vlang/web_crawler/README.md
share/examples/vlang/web_crawler/web_crawler.v
share/examples/vlang/websocket/
share/examples/vlang/websocket/client-server/
share/examples/vlang/websocket/client-server/client.v
share/examples/vlang/websocket/client-server/server.v
share/examples/vlang/websocket/ping.v
share/examples/vlang/word_counter/
share/examples/vlang/word_counter/README.md
share/examples/vlang/word_counter/cinderella.txt
share/examples/vlang/word_counter/word_counter.v
share/examples/vlang/xvweb/
share/examples/vlang/xvweb/cors/
share/examples/vlang/xvweb/cors/vweb_cors_example.v
share/examples/vlang/xvweb/todo/
share/examples/vlang/xvweb/todo/.gitignore
share/examples/vlang/xvweb/todo/README.md
share/examples/vlang/xvweb/todo/assets/
share/examples/vlang/xvweb/todo/assets/main.css
share/examples/vlang/xvweb/todo/main.v
share/examples/vlang/xvweb/todo/templates/
share/examples/vlang/xvweb/todo/templates/index.html
